 the delicate looking princess cut engagement ring was warm as it rested in my palm . 
 it weighed nothing , but my hand shook . 
 hell , my hand shook so badly that i barked out a dry laugh that cracked like thunder as i stood in my childhood bathroom i 'd never been this nervous before . 
 jesus . 
 i should 've taken out stock in the brand of deodorant i used . 
 it was crazy . 
 this whole thing was insane . 
 a year ago i never would 've thought i 'd be minutes from getting down on one knee like one of those guys in those corny ass jewelry commercials . 
 never thought that would be me , but there was a knot in my throat the size of a soccer ball , and the nervous energy was part excitement , part dread , b/c she could always say no . 
 and that would be seven circles of hell kind of awkward with my whole family downstairs . 
 how many circles of hell were there ? 
 wait . 
 dammit . 
 why was i even thinking about that right now ? 
 dragging my gaze to the mirror over the sink , i looked like i was seconds from walking off a cliff . 
 would she think this was too soon ? 
 i knew she loved me . 
 no doubt in my mind and there was no woman on this earth i loved more than her . 
 there . 
 i felt it . 
 the skip of my heart . 
 the dip in my gut i was in deep when it came to her . 
 always had been . 
 that was never going to change . 
 she was and would always be my everything this was the right thing to do . 
 i 'd just wished i had more to give her . 
 a romantic dinner . 
 maybe one of those flash mobs . 
 actually , she would probably hide under a table if a flash mob was involved . 
 i started to put the ring back in the velvet box , but on second thought , said wth and tossed the box aside and slipped the baby into the pocket of my jeans . 
 then i got down to making myself look somewhat presentable . 
 scrubbed my face . 
 brushed teeth . 
 shoved my fingers through my hair . 
 grabbed for the floss and realized i was procrastinating like a mofo . 
 i 'd told her i 'd be gone for a few minutes . 
 that was fifteen minutes ago . 
 okay . 
 more like twenty minutes . 
 it was like a fell into a black hole up here . 
 i needed to downstairs before someone sent a search party . 
 that was the last thing i needed . 
 my nerves were already shot . 
 my heart pounded , louder than my booted footsteps as i headed down the hall . 
 stopping at the top of the steps i closed my eyes . 
 get it together . 
 this was only the biggest question i 'd ever ask anyone in my life . 
 yeah , that thought did n't help whatsoever . 
 i just needed to stop thinking . 
 i also needed to walk down these steps . 
 a cupcake would also be really good about now . 
 maybe even a cookie . 
 okay . 
 i needed to also stop thinking about food those steps was the shortest damn steps i 'd ever walked . 
 in seconds , i was down in the foyer , standing there like an idiot with my hand pressed against the pocket of my jeans . 
 my mouth was dry . 
 i might be having a heart attack everything was cool laughter floated out from the living room . 
 someone shouted something about balls . 
 my father ? 
 probably . 
 how appropriate . 
 i needed to find mine . 
 it was n't like my family or my best friend did n't know i 'd been planning to do this . 
 but they had no idea it would happen tonight . 
 on christmas . 
 which was admittedly cheesy . 
 that 's what love did . 
 made me into a complete cheese ball . 
 if i started crying i 'd probably punch myself in the throat . 
 time to get these feet moving . 
 now or never . 
 do or die . 
 blah . 
 blah . 
 my feet moved like i was knee deep in wet sand . 
 the twinkling lights from the massive , lampoon size christmas tree led the way my parents got a little crazy with christmas . 
 looked like christmas threw up on the house . 
 i might actually hurl . 
 that would be romantic . 
 very sexy . 
 i stopped just at the threshold of the living room , my eyes finding her immediately and there it was again . 
 the punched in the chest feeling . 
 weak in the freaking knees . 
 i had n't said a word , but she turned from where she sat beside my sister , as if we were connected and she knew i was there our gazes locked . 
 and in that moment , when her lips curved up at the corners , i heard nothing . 
 i saw only her . 
 and she was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen . 
 i 'd be the luckiest sob on the planet to spend the rest of my life with her . 
 only her . 
 `` you holding up the door , boy ? '' 
 my father said . 
 i bit back a groan . 
 way to kill the mood . 
 but i. . . 
 i could n't pull my eyes away from her . 
 mom stood from where she was perched on the arm of dad 's chair . 
 `` you okay , honey ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i replied , voice hoarse . 
 `` never been better . '' 
 and that was the damn truth . 
 eyes trained on her , i stepped over the long legs of my friend . 
 he said something . 
 i had no clue what it was . 
 probably something that will make me want to punch him later , because i heard my sister giggle . 
 but my focus was on her , on those pretty eyes . 
 her smile spread , crinkling her nose . 
 i knew just how many freckles she had on the bridge of her nose . 
 eight . 
 and a half . 
 she had a couple more in some really interesting places . 
 places i really did n't need to think about right this moment.taking a deep breath , i did it . 
 holy crap balls , i did it . 
 i got down on one knee in front of her . 
 like a champ . 
 as i stared in the warmest brown eyes , my sister squealed as she shot from the couch like there were springs under her the moment she recognized what i was doing , before i even reached into my pocket , would stay with me for the rest of my life she jerked back as her eyes widened , turning glassy with a fine sheen . 
 her lips moved , silently speaking my name . 
 and that-the movement of just her lips got to me . 
 i was such a hallmark card right now , but i had no regrets silence fell in the room . 
 my dad was even quiet . 
 for once . 
 and the knot in my throat expanded , so when i spoke , it was raspy . 
 `` i planned on doing this a couple of months ago , '' i told her , feeling my heart trying to climb out of my chest . 
 `` things came up , and i thought i 'd have something else big planned , but i cant wait any longer . 
 i do n't want to . '' 
 i had to clear my throat . 
 `` i do n't have a big speech , but you know that i love you , right ? 
 that i 'm in love with you . '' 
 with the tips of her fingers pressed against her lips , she nodded as she blinked rapidly . 
 yeah , she knew . 
 `` and i 'm always going to be in love you . '' 
 my voice caught . 
 `` you running into me in the hallway was my luckiest day . '' 
 `` oh god , '' she whispered . 
 `` so i 'm hoping that you 're going to make today my second luckiest day , by saying yes . '' 
 `` holy shit , '' my dad murmured , and i heard my mother hush him . 
 `` dad , '' my sister cried . 
 `` geez . 
 seriously ? '' 
 laughing , i reached into my pocket , finding the ring and pulling it out . 
 i tugged her left hand away from her mouth i kissed the top of her hand first , and then i lifted my gaze , meeting hers once again . 
 her hand shook as bad as mine and her eyes were full of tears . 
 i could n't move or speak for a moment . 
 frozen in the moment . 
 and then i found my voice . 
 `` avery morgansten , would you make me the luckiest guy ever by being my wife ? '' 
 there was no hesitation . 
 not even a second . 
 `` yes , '' she said , nodding , and before i could get the ring on her finger , she sprung forward , wrapping her arms around my neck i rocked back , folding my arms around her , and i lost my balance , landing on my ass with her latched onto me , the top of her red head buried against my chest . 
 someone in the room shouted and clapped . 
 i could hear my mom crying i reached beside us , gently lifting her cheek . 
 `` shortcake ... '' my voice trembled , and i did n't care . 
 `` you 're going to let me get this ring on you ? '' 
 avery half laughed , half hiccuped as she pulled back , swiping at her cheeks with her palm . 
 `` yes . 
 sorry . '' 
 she extended her left arm , all but shoving her hand at me , and i laughed . 
 yeah , my vision was blurring . 
 on went the ring . 
 perfect fit . 
 she clasped my cheeks as she leaned in , resting her forehead against mine . 
 `` i love you , cam . 
 i love you so very much . '' 
 my eyes drifted shut and i held her tight . 
 so close i could feel her heart beating as fast as mine . 
 waiting for avery was the best thing i 'd ever done and now we had the rest of our lives together . 
 the end . 
