 sam i stared before me at the mess . 
 the mess i was supposed to clean up . 
 i was tired of doing this . 
 tired of this lifestyle and pretending like it did n't bother me . 
 it did . 
 it was disgusting - and by extension i was disgusting . 
 completely unworthy of someone like her . 
 heven . 
 i had n't heard her name until yesterday , when i got close enough to overhear it . 
 it was perfect , it fit her perfect . 
 because to me she was heaven , she was everything i could ever want and everything i could n't have . 
 i stared down at the splatters of blood and gore , the pieces of ripped flesh . 
 the scent of death clung to the air , leaving it heavy and regretful . 
 `` do n't just stand there , '' the person whom i was beginning to view as a monster snapped . 
 a person that once upon a time was n't like the crazed - psycho killer that stood before me today . 
 i had learned things from this person , learned about myself , learned how to survive ... was i going to end up like this too ? 
 what would heven say if she saw what i was about to do ? 
 `` no . '' 
 i said , flat , refusing the order that was just issued . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 eyes narrowed until they were nothing but slits . 
 behind me the others stopped their gathering of what was left of the victim ... or victims , it was hard to tell with what was left so scattered about . 
 i could feel their eyes bore into the back of me , but i did n't care . 
 `` i 've cleaned up your last mess . 
 i wo n't do it anymore . 
 you 're sick . '' 
 `` after everything i 've done for you , you dare talk to me like this ? '' 
 `` if you do n't stop killing people , i 'll make sure the police know where to find the bodies of all the people you 've murdered ... and evidence of exactly who put them there . '' 
 `` if you turn me in , you 'll go down as well . 
 you might not have had the fun but you helped hide the crime . 
 every . 
 single . 
 time . 
 the police wo n't think you 're innocent . '' 
 i shrugged , praying that i looked as bored as i tried to . 
 `` as long as you go down , i do n't care . '' 
 `` and what of that little girlfriend that you seem to covet above all else ? 
 i wonder if you would feel the same if these were her parts scattered at your feet . '' 
 `` i do n't know who you 're talking about . '' 
 i lied . 
 the laugh that echoed around me was one that did belong to a monster . 
 what had caused such a change ? 
 why the constant need for bloodshed and killing ? 
 it was almost as if the monster was trying to prove something . 
 `` you know full well who i am talking about . '' 
 `` i have n't seen her in weeks . 
 she means nothing to me . 
 do what you want . 
 i meant what i said . 
 i am done here . '' 
 i turned away , feeling sick to my stomach , praying that my bluff was n't called . 
 the others had resumed collecting the remains so that they could burn or bury them later . 
 they were no longer looking at me , but as i walked away from the monster , a pair of dark eyes flashed to mine . 
 i stared back without blinking ; i would accept any challenge that was issued . 
 `` wait . '' 
 the voice was a near growl , a forced word that the monster must have practically choked on to force out . 
 i stopped but did n't turn back . 
 i was my own person - my own man - i was done following orders . 
 `` will you still help me look ? '' 
 ahh , the thing that mattered most to the monster . 
 finding something that probably did n't even exist . 
 i waited a few moments , weighing my options . 
 i could walk right now and never look back . 
 i could get into my truck and drive until the landscape changed and i knew no one . 
 but that would mean never seeing her again . 
 the thought left me surprisingly hollow . 
 and , it was no guarantee that heven would be safe , i could leave and the monster could carry out the threat to harm her . 
 if i stayed , if i agreed to continue searching then maybe heven would be forgotten , she would be safe . 
 i looked back , over my shoulder . 
 `` i 'll help you look but the killing stops now . 
 you waste searching time when you take out your anger on innocent people . '' 
 like i cared how much time was wasted searching , but i was tired of the death ... the echoes of screams and pools of blood that filled my dreams . 
 `` fine , '' the monster snapped . 
 `` just remember who you are and who you are n't . 
 remember exactly who you have forgotten . '' 
 i did n't respond . 
 i walked away , allowing the darkness of night to swallow me whole and give me some sense of relief . 
 message received . 
 there would be no more killing as long as i continued to stay far away from heven . 
 it was a small price to pay to give someone that pure , someone that innocent , the life she deserved . 
 i just wished i could have met her once . 
 heven `` can you believe the nerve of our history teacher ? '' 
 i complained , walking down the hallway and stopping at my locker . 
 `` i mean who assigns a three page essay to be due the next day when there is only two weeks left of school until summer vacation ? '' 
 `` google , my friend , google . '' 
 kimber said watching as i tossed my unwanted books into my locker . 
 `` i fully intend to buy a paper . '' 
 i laughed as i consulted the small pink framed mirror hanging on the inside of the door . 
 i pulled out a tube of lip gloss and unscrewed the cap . 
 `` i can not buy a paper , kimber . 
 if my mother ever found out i would be grounded for life . '' 
 `` lucky for me my parents hardly know i 'm alive . '' 
 she said it off-handedly , but i knew that her parent 's lack of attention was hard for her . 
 `` looks like i 'll be spending my evening in the library . '' 
 i sighed . 
 kimber reached into my locker and pulled out my pink sequined duffle bag . 
 `` cheer first , school later . '' 
 i slammed my locker door and we headed off toward the locker room where we would change for cheerleading practice . 
 just as we turned the corner we saw two guys heading in our direction . 
 cole and brice . 
 kimber elbowed me in the ribs and i giggled . 
 `` here he comes , hev . '' 
 cole and brice stopped a few feet in front of us with cole leaning forward to kiss kimber . 
 when he pulled back he gave me a smile . 
 `` hey , hev . '' 
 `` hey , cole . '' 
 cole 's eyes slid to brice . 
 `` hey , brice . '' 
 i said brightly offering my crush a smile . 
 `` hey , heven . 
 you 're looking good . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he acted like he might say more but the group descended into silence with cole standing over me and brice like a chaperone . 
 `` cole , i wanted to talk to you about something . '' 
 kimber said , giving me the eye . 
 `` sure , kimmie . '' 
 he said , glancing at her , waiting for her to continue . 
 `` in private , '' she said , exasperated and took his arm , leading him away . 
 she looked back at me and gave me a dazzling smile . 
 i giggled . 
 when they were a fair distance away brice cleared his throat . 
 `` so , i was wondering if you wanted to go with me to kimber 's end-of-the-year party ? '' 
 excitement exploded through my middle . 
 `` i would love to . '' 
 i had been hoping he would ask me ! 
 we had gone out a few times before , but this , showing up at kimber 's party together would be making a statement . 
 a statement that we were an item . 
 he smiled , turning the power of both his dimples and his dazzling smile on me . 
 `` yeah ? 
 cool . '' 
 he shoved a hand through his brown hair , visibly relieved . 
 i twisted a strand of shiny blond hair around my finger and smiled , about to say something completely ditzy i 'm sure , but kimber saved me from making an idiot of myself . 
 `` heven , we got ta go . 
 we ca n't be late for cheerleading ; they 're announcing next year 's squad captain ! '' 
 how could i have forgotten about that ?! 
 `` i heard that you 're going to be named . '' 
 brice said . 
 `` congrats , captain . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i said . 
 `` but it has n't been announced yet . '' 
 kimber made a noise . 
 `` please , like you do n't know it 's in the bag . '' 
 well , okay , it was pretty certain . 
 i gave cole and brice and little wave as kimber drug me away . 
 we quickly changed into our cheer uniforms and i took a moment to brush my hair into a ponytail and add blue and gold ribbons -lrb- the school 's colors -rrb- wanting to look fabulous for the moment i was made captain . 
 then we rushed out into the gymnasium where my future awaited . 
 sam i took another glance at the clock . 
 only a few more minutes 'til my shift was over . 
 usually i liked working ; it was a good excuse not to be home . 
 i liked the people . 
 they did n't seem to have any hidden agendas or horrible secrets lurking in their gaze . 
 but tonight i just wanted to leave . 
 i felt caged in , restless . 
 the monster was gone , and even though i knew it would be coming back , it always came back , i was thankful for the fact that i had been rid of it for a few days . 
 i felt like i could breathe - i had been able to let down my guard for a while . 
 i knew why i was so edgy tonight . 
 i wanted to see her . 
 it felt like eons since i had seen her last . 
 i said i would n't see her again . 
 i missed her . 
 i could go and see her , from a distance of course and no one would know . 
 just one last time . 
 i would make this last memory count . 
 i would commit it to my brain so that i would always carry a little piece of her with me . 
 i would tell her goodbye . 
 even though i never got to say hello . 
 heven best . 
 day . 
 ever ! 
 this day was turning out to be awesome ! 
 the cheer squad was mine , brice and i were practically dating - we would be dating after kimber 's party and summer vacation was only a couple short weeks away ! 
 now , if i could only erase this little essay problem this day would be perfect . 
 maybe i should take kimber 's lead on this one and buy a paper . 
 `` come on , hev , let 's go ! '' 
 i took one last look in the full-length mirror before grabbing my stuff and heading out after kimber . 
 i looked good , just the way the soon-to-be head cheerleader should look . 
 i was wearing a pair of dark skinny jeans and a purple top that was softly tie-dyed and was slightly longer on each side of my hip . 
 it was a loose , swinging style and since it was still kind of cool outside -lrb- thank you , maine weather -rrb- , i was wearing a lightweight light purple burnout tee underneath . 
 to top off my outfit , i was wearing not one , but two , necklaces . 
 the first was a long chain with a giant white paperclip that was blinged out with purple crystals . 
 the second was shorter and simpler , my mother gave it to me : a simple silver cross on a silver chain . 
 i finished off the outfit with a pair of dark purple heels with a crystal detail at the toe . 
 i released my light blond hair from my ponytail and let it fall in waves around my shoulders . 
 with that i rushed out of the locker room and ran -lrb- as good as anyone can run in heels -rrb- to catch up with my friends . 
 they welcomed me with smiles and more congratulations . 
 it felt great . 
 i was a lucky girl . 
 `` so are we on for some celebration ? '' 
 amber asked . 
 kimber looked at me . 
 i smiled . 
 `` sure thing ! '' 
 on the way out to kimber 's too cute red car i leaned in and whispered . 
 `` drop me off at the library after ? '' 
 kimber laughed . 
 `` i knew you 'd never buy a paper . '' 
 i 'd thought about it . 
 but , yeah , in the end i could n't do it . 
 i did n't like being lied to and i was n't about to lie to my teacher . 
 `` guess not , '' i smiled . 
 cole was driving by as we were climbing in kimber 's car and he stopped and rolled down the window . 
 `` follow me ! '' 
 kimber called and blew cole a kiss . 
 i spotted brice in the passenger seat of cole 's truck and on impulse i blew him a kiss too . 
 i saw him grin as they drove away . 
 sam she was n't at the first place i looked . 
 usually she was riding a horse on a huge property that belonged to someone she must know . 
 she would ride the horse into the woods and along a trail that wound through the trees . 
 it was the first place i saw her . 
 a day i would n't soon forget . 
 i was n't sure where else she would be , but i remembered a place that i followed her to a while back and i drove there , hoping that she would be there . 
 when i pulled up i got lucky and saw the red car that she was always riding in and i knew that she would be inside . 
 it was a popular place to hang out , a coffee shop that also served food . 
 because it was late afternoon and school had let out , it was busy , but that was good . 
 it gave me cover . 
 i could blend in and no one would even know i was there . 
 a little voice inside urged me to see how close i could get . 
 i was tempted by the voice , but i had vowed to only see her from afar ... when i opened the door to the cafe , i was greeted with the strong scent of coffee and pastries . 
 my stomach growled , i was always hungry , but i had n't come here to eat . 
 to avoid sticking out i went to the counter and ordered some kind of coffee drink , i have no idea what i asked for because i was too busy trying to see where heven might be . 
 when the barista went off to make whatever i ordered i took the chance to glance around the room and over my shoulder . 
 i saw her immediately . 
 it 's like her shiny blond hair and smile were a beacon to my lost ship . 
 her back was turned and she was laughing . 
 she had a great laugh . 
 it was confident and carefree . 
 she was at a table that was full of people , so full that it spilled out to the booth behind them , where guys were leaning over it and talking . 
 all eyes were on heven . 
 why would n't they be ? 
 she was beautiful . 
 there was something about her that people responded to that much was obvious . 
 as i was about to turn away -lrb- would n't be good to be caught staring -rrb- , i saw a guy directly across from her reach out and brush a strand of her hair away from her face . 
 he was grinning , like a cat that ate the mouse . 
 i did n't like him . 
 in fact , i wanted to deck him . 
 but i would n't . 
 why should n't she be happy ? 
 the lady at the counter slid a cup across the counter and i handed her a few dollars , grabbed the cup -lrb- turns out i ordered something hot -rrb- and walked away . 
 the booth directly in front of the one heven was sitting in was being vacated and the temptation to be close to her was too great . 
 i tried not to think about how easy my vow not to get too close to her was disregarded as i casually walked over and slid in . 
 i sat with my back to heven , her back to me . 
 i imagined that without the thick wood of the bench , our backs would be pressed together . 
 i took a sip of my drink , it was coffee and it was sweet -lrb- not bad but i preferred something else -rrb- and sat it down . 
 then i reached into my leather jacket and pulled out a comic and slapped it down on the table . 
 it fell open and i left it that way . 
 to anyone who looked i would look like someone who was enjoying a coffee with my read . 
 in actuality , i would n't be able to concentrate on the book if i wanted too . 
 i was closer than i had ever been to her before . 
 her voice captivated me , held me prisoner , i sat there drinking the okay coffee drink and not even tasting it . 
 they - she - was talking about a party , apparently the party of the year . 
 it was going to be in a couple weeks and apparently everyone was going to be there . 
 the girls were all excited , talking about cheerleading . 
 apparently heven was just named next year 's varsity squad captain . 
 i was proud of her . 
 there was n't anything especially enthralling about their conversations ; it was really more the sound of her voice and the feeling of camaraderie that they all had together that kept me involved . 
 it had been a long time since i felt like i belonged any place or even to anyone like that . 
 the familiarity they had with one another , the ease with which they teased and talked , it was something that i missed but not really something i had longed for . 
 until perhaps now . 
 i thought maybe that it was enough that she had this . 
 that this was her world . 
 she represented so much of what i had wanted for myself -lrb- except the head cheerleader thing - that would be weird . -rrb- 
 and if it was n't meant for me then she was my choice for who should have it . 
 i do n't know how long i sat there , not quite part of , but as close as i could get to her world . 
 it must have been a while because eventually her crowd started dwindling . 
 i looked up and she was walking past the booth i was sitting in . 
 i caught her profile as she walked by , and she was smiling . 
 `` drop me at the library ? '' 
 she said to her red headed friend whose name i did n't bother to catch . 
 the girl sighed dramatically . 
 `` sure , then i 'm going home to purchase an essay on the black market . '' 
 heven 's laugh lingered long after she 'd gone . 
 i gathered my comic and tossed the mystery coffee in the trash and headed to the library . 
 heven the library was empty . 
 it had been for about half an hour . 
 the librarian just flicked the lights , reminding me , the last one here , that it was closing time . 
 i stared down at the essay , still not complete . 
 but it was almost done , i just needed more time . 
 i should n't have spent so long at the cafe after cheerleading . 
 i should n't have gone at all . 
 but i wanted to , and besides it was way more fun than this . 
 with a sigh i pushed away from the table and went to find the librarian . 
 she was shelving books in the children 's section , humming softly . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 i said , whispering . 
 it was the library after all . 
 she turned and smiled . 
 `` are you all finished then ? 
 have a wonderful night . '' 
 `` actually , i 'm not . 
 i 'm almost finished , but i need some more time . 
 i have this essay due tomorrow and ... '' she smiled again , not seeming the least bit annoyed . 
 `` how much longer do you need ? '' 
 `` forty-five minutes ? '' 
 i said , knowing it was more like an hour . 
 `` hmmm . 
 all right then . 
 hurry and finish , i have some paperwork to do anyway . '' 
 `` oh , thank you ! '' 
 i rushed back to my seat and buried myself in my work . 
 sure enough , an hour later my back was stiff but i was done . 
 i stood and packed everything in my bag . 
 thank goodness that was over . 
 i was soo tired of homework . 
 thankfully , it was almost summer break . 
 `` thank you , so much . '' 
 i told the librarian on the way out the door . 
 `` you 're welcome , have a great night ! '' 
 i let myself out into the cool night air . 
 i could n't wait to get home and put on my pjs . 
 it had been a long day but a good one . 
 things were going so good . 
 they could n't get any better . 
 i had no idea how quickly things could change . 
 sam the library closed an hour ago but i still had n't seen heven come out . 
 it was dark outside and there was no sign of her ride . 
 it was possible that she went out the back door but i would have seen , i would have heard , but i knew she had n't gone out the back because the front door pointed her in the direction of her house . 
 i paced the street and all the dark shadows that i could conceal myself in while waiting impatiently for her to come out . 
 what if something was wrong ? 
 what if she needed help ? 
 i had just made up my mind to go in there when the front doors opened and heven stepped out . 
 she slung her backpack over her shoulder and looked off down the street in the direction of her house . 
 i melted further into the darkness , preparing to follow once she was a bit further ahead . 
 my attention slipped away from her when i heard someone nearby . 
 the monster appeared in front of me , grinning like the cheshire cat . 
 `` what have we here ? '' 
 i had no explanation . 
 i got caught watching the one person i was suppose to not care about , the one person i was supposed to pretend did n't exist . 
 `` we had a deal ; you broke your end of the deal . '' 
 before i could do anything else i was alone , the monster disappeared into the night . 
 moments later , i heard a scream . 
