 bachman chapter 1 george was somewhere in the dark . 
 blaze could n't see him , but the voice came in loud and clear , rough and a little hoarse . 
 george always sounded as if he had a cold . 
 he 'd had an accident when he was a kid . 
 he never said what , but there was a dilly of a scar on his adam 's apple . 
 `` not that one , you dummy , it 's got bumper stickers all over it . 
 get a chevy or a ford . 
 dark blue or green . 
 two years old . 
 no more , no less . 
 nobody remembers them . 
 and no stickers . '' 
 blaze passed the little car with the bumper stickers and kept walking . 
 the faint thump of the bass reached him even here , at the far end of the beer joint 's parking lot . 
 it was saturday night and the place was crowded . 
 the air was bitterly cold . 
 he had hitched him a ride into town , but now he had been in the open air for forty minutes and his ears were numb . 
 he had forgotten his hat . 
 he always forgot something . 
 he had started to take his hands out of his jacket pockets and put them over his ears , but george put the kibosh on that . 
 george said his ears could freeze but not his hands . 
 you did n't need your ears to hotwire a car . 
 it was three above zero . 
 `` there , '' george said . 
 `` on your right . '' 
 blaze looked and saw a saab . 
 with a sticker . 
 it did n't look like the right kind of car at all . 
 `` that 's your left , '' george said . 
 `` your right , dummy . 
 the hand you pick your nose with . '' 
 2 `` i 'm sorry , george . '' 
 yes , he was being a dummy again . 
 he could pick his nose with either hand , but he knew his right , the hand you write with . 
 he thought of that hand and looked to that side . 
 there was a dark green ford there . 
 blaze walked over to the ford , elaborately casual . 
 he looked over his shoulder . 
 the beer joint was a college bar called the bag . 
 that was a stupid name , a bag was what you called your balls . 
 it was a walk-down . 
 there was a band on friday and saturday nights . 
 it would be crowded and warm inside , lots of little girls in short skirts dancing up a storm . 
 it would be nice to go inside , just look around - `` what are you supposed to be doing ? '' 
 george asked . 
 `` walking on commonwealth ave ? 
 you could n't fool my old blind granny . 
 just do it , huh ? '' 
 `` okay , i was just - '' `` yeah , i know what you was just . 
 keep your mind on your business . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` what are you , blaze ? '' 
 he hung his head , snorkled back snot . 
 `` i 'm a dummy . '' 
 george always said there was no shame in this , but it was a fact and you had to recognize it . 
 you could n't fool anybody into thinking you were smart . 
 they looked at you and saw the truth : the lights were on but nobody was home . 
 if you were a dummy , you had to just do your business and get out . 
 and if you were caught , you owned up to everything except the guys who were with you , because they 'd get everything else out of you in the end , anyway . 
 george said dummies could n't lie worth shit . 
 blaze took his hands out of his pockets and flexed them twice . 
 the knuckles popped in the cold still air . 
 `` you ready , big man ? '' 
 george asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then i 'm going to get a beer . 
 take care of it . '' 
 blaze felt panic start . 
 it came up his throat . 
 `` hey , no , i ai n't never done this before . 
 i just watched you . '' 
 `` well this time you 're going to do more than watch . '' 
 `` but - '' he stopped . 
 there was no sense going on , unless he wanted to shout . 
 `` jesus , '' blaze said . 
 `` oh jesus christ . '' 
 and his fingers were getting cold . 
 at this temperature they 'd only be good for five minutes . 
 maybe less . 
 he went around to the driver 's side door , thinking the door would be locked . 
 if the door was locked , this car was no good because he did n't have the slim jim , george had the slim jim . 
 only the door was unlocked . 
 he opened the door , reached in , found the hood release , and pulled it . 
 then he went around front , fiddled around for the second catch , found that one , and lifted the hood . 
 there was a small penlite in his pocket . 
 he took it out . 
 he turned it on and trained the beam on the engine . 
 find the ignition wire . 
 but there was so much spaghetti . 
 battery cables , hoses , spark-plug wires , the gas-line - he stood there with sweat running down the sides of his face and freezing on his cheeks . 
 this was no good . 
 this would n't never be no good . 
 and all at once he had an idea . 
 it was n't a very good idea , but he did n't have many and when he had one he had to chase it . 
 he went back to the driver 's side and opened the door again . 
 the light came on , but he could n't help that . 
 if someone saw him fiddling around , they would just think he was having trouble getting started . 
 sure , cold night like this , that made sense , did n't it ? 
 even george could n't give him grief on that one . 
 not much , anyway . 
 he flipped down the visor over the steering wheel , hoping against hope that a spare key might flop down , sometimes folks kept one up there , but there was nothing there but an old ice scraper . 
 that flopped down . 
 he tried the glove compartment next . 
 it was full of papers . 
 he raked them out onto the floor , kneeling on the seat to do it , his breath puffing . 
 there were papers , and a box of junior mints , but no keys . 
 there , you goddam dummy , he heard george saying , are you satisfied now ? 
 ready to at least try hot-wiring it now ? 
 he supposed he was . 
 he supposed he could at least tear some of the wires loose and touch them together like george did and see what happened . 
 he closed the door and started toward the front of the ford again with his head down . 
 then he stopped . 
 a new idea had struck him . 
 he went back , opened the door , bent down , flipped up the floormat , and there it was . 
 they key did n't say ford on it , it did n't say anything on it because it was a dupe , but it had the right square head and everything . 
 blaze picked it up and kissed the cold metal . 
 unlocked car , he thought . 
 then he thought : unlocked car and key under the floormat . 
 then he thought : i ai n't the dumbest guy out tonight after all , george . 
 he got in behind the wheel , slammed the door , slid the key in the ignition slot-it went in nice-then realized he could n't see the parking lot because the hood was still up . 
 he looked around quick , first one way and then the other , making sure that george had n't decided to come back and help him out . 
 george would never let him hear the end of it if he saw the hood still up like that . 
 but george was n't there . 
 no one was there . 
 the parking lot was tundra with cars . 
 blaze got out and slammed the hood . 
 then he got back in and paused in the act of reaching for the door handle . 
 what about george ? 
 should he go in yonder beer-farm and get him ? 
 blaze sat frowning , head down . 
 the dome light cast yellow light on his big hands . 
 guess what ? 
 he thought , raising his head again at last . 
 screw him . 
 `` screw you , george , '' he said . 
 george had left him to hitchhike in , just meeting him here , then left him again . 
 left him to do the dirtywork , and it was only by the dumbest of dumb luck that blaze had found a key , so screw george . 
 let him thumb a ride back in the three-degree cold . 
 blaze closed the door , dropped the gear-shift into drive , and pulled out of the parking space . 
 once in an actual lane of travel , he stomped down heavily and the ford leaped , rear end fishtailing on the hard-packed snow . 
 he slammed on the brakes , suddenly stiff with panic . 
 what was he doing ? 
 what was he thinking of ? 
 go without george ? 
 he 'd get picked up before he went five miles . 
 probably get picked up at the first stop-n-go light . 
 he could n't go without george . 
 but george is dead . 
 that was bullshit . 
 george was just there . 
 he went inside for a beer . 
 he 's dead . 
 `` oh , george , '' blaze moaned . 
 he was hunched over the wheel . 
 `` oh , george , do n't be dead . '' 
 he sat there awhile . 
 the ford 's engine sounded okay . 
 it was n't knocking or anything , even though it was cold . 
 the gas gauge said threequarters . 
 the exhaust rose in the rearview , white and frozen . 
 george did n't come out of the beer joint . 
 he could n't come out cause he did n't never went in . 
 george was dead . 
 had been three months . 
 blaze started to shake . 
 after a little bit , he caught hold of himself . 
 he began to drive . 
 no one stopped him at the first traffic light , or the second . 
 no one stopped him all the way out of town . 
 by the time he got to the apex town line , he was doing fifty . 
 sometimes the car slid a little on patches of ice , but this did n't bother him . 
 he just turned with the skid . 
 he had been driving on icy roads since he was sixteen . 
 outside of town he pushed the ford to sixty and let it ride . 
 the high beams poked the road with bright fingers and rebounded brilliantly from the snowbanks on either side . 
 boy , there was going to be one surprised college kid when he took his college girl back to that empty slot . 
 she 'd look at him and say , you are a dummy , i ai n't going with you again , not here or nowhere . 
 `` are n't , '' blaze said . 
 `` she 'll say are n't . '' 
 that made him smile . 
 the smile changed his whole face . 
 he turned on the radio . 
 it was tuned to rock . 
 blaze turned the knob until he found country . 
 by the time he reached the shack , he was singing along with the radio at the top of his voice and he had forgotten all about george . 
 chapter 2 that was the curse of being a dummy . 
 you were always being surprised by grief , because you could never remember the important things . 
 the only stuff that stuck was dumb stuff . 
 like that poem mrs. selig made them learn way back in the fifth grade : under the spreading chestnut tree , the village smithy stands . 
 what good was that ? 
 what good when you caught yourself peeling potatoes for two and got smacked all over again with knowing you did n't need to peel no two potatoes , because the other guy was never going to eat another spud ? 
 well , maybe it was n't grief . 
 maybe that word was n't the right word . 
 not if that meant crying and knocking your head against the wall . 
 you did n't do that for the likes of george . 
 but there was loneliness . 
 there was hurt . 
 and there was fear . 
 george would say : `` jesus , would you change your fuckin skivvies ? 
 those things are ready to stand up on their own . 
 they 're disgusting . '' 
 george would say : `` you only tied one , dimbulb . '' 
 george would say : `` aw , fuck , turn around and i 'll tuck it in . 
 like havin a kid . '' 
 when he got up the morning after he stole the ford , george was sitting in the other room . 
 blaze could n't see him but knew he was sitting in the broken-down easy-chair like always , with his head down so his chin was almost on his chest . 
 the first thing he said was , `` you screwed up again , kong . 
 congratcha-fuckin-lations . '' 
 blaze hissed when his feet hit the cold floor . 
 then he fumbled his shoes on . 
 naked except for them , he ran and looked out the window . 
 no car . 
 he sighed with relief . 
 it came out in a little puff he could see . 
 `` no , i did n't . 
 i put it in the shed , just like you told me . '' 
 `` you did n't wipe the goddam tracks , though , did you ? 
 why do n't you put out a sign , blaze ? 
 this way to the hot car . 
 you could charge admission . 
 why do n't you just do that ? '' 
 `` aw , george - '' '' aw , george , aw , george . ' 
 go out and sweep em up . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he started for the door . 
 `` blaze ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` put on your fucking pants first , why do n't you ? '' 
 blaze felt his face burn . 
 `` like a kid , '' george said , sounding resigned . 
 `` one who can shave . '' 
 george knew how to stick it in , all right . 
 only finally he 'd gone and stuck it in the wrong guy , too often and too far . 
 that was how you ended up dead , with nothing smart to say . 
 now george was just dead , and blaze was making his voice up in his mind , giving him the good lines . 
 george had been dead since that crap game in the warehouse . 
 i 'm crazy for even trying to go through with this , blaze thought . 
 a dum-dum like me . 
 but he pulled on his underwear shorts -lrb- checking them carefully for stains first -rrb- , then a thermal undershirt , then a flannel top shirt and a pair of heavy corduroy pants . 
 his sears workboots were under the bed . 
 his army surplus parka was hanging on the doorknob . 
 he hunted for his mittens and finally found them on the shelf over the dilapidated woodstove in the combination kitchen-living room . 
 he got his checkered cap with the earflaps and put it on , careful to give the visor a little good-luck twist to the left . 
 then he went out and got the broom leaning against the door . 
 the morning was bright and bitter . 
 the moisture in his nose crackled immediately . 
 a gust of wind drove snow as fine as powdered sugar into his face , making him wince . 
 it was all right for george to give orders . 
 george was inside drinking coffee by the stove . 
 like last night , taking off for a beer , leaving blaze to figure out the car . 
 and there he would still be if he had n't had the dumb luck to find the keys somewhere , either under the floormat or in the glove compartment , he forgot which . 
 sometimes he did n't think george was a very good friend . 
 he swept the tracks away with the broom , pausing several minutes to admire them before he started . 
 how the treads stood up and cast shadows , mostly , little perfect things . 
 it was funny how little things could be so perfect and no one ever saw them . 
 he looked at this until he was tired of looking -lrb- no george to tell him to hurry up -rrb- and then worked his way down the short driveway to the road , brushing the tracks away . 
 the plow had gone by in the night , pushing back the snow-dunes the wind made across these country roads where there were open fields to one side and t ` other , and any other tracks were gone . 
 blaze tromped back to the shack . 
 he went inside . 
 now it felt warm inside . 
 getting out of bed it had felt cold , but now it felt warm . 
 that was funny , too-how your sense of things could change . 
 he took off his coat and boots and flannel shirt and sat down to the table in his undershirt and cords . 
 he turned on the radio and was surprised when it did n't play the rock george listened to but warmed up right to country . 
 loretta lynn was singing that your good girl is gon na go bad . 
 george would laugh and say something like , `` that 's right , honey-you can go bad all over my face . '' 
 and blaze would laugh too , but down deep that song always made him sad . 
 lots of country songs did . 
 when the coffee was hot he jumped up and poured two cups . 
 he loaded one with cream and hollered , `` george ? 
 here 's your coffee , hoss ! 
 do n't let it go cold ! '' 
 no answer . 
 he looked down at the white coffee . 
 he did n't drink coffee-with , so what about it ? 
 just what about it ? 
 something come up in his throat then and he almost hucked george 's goddam white coffee across the room , but then he did n't . 
 he took it oversink and poured it down instead . 
 that was controlling your temper . 
 when you were a big guy , you had to do that or get in trouble . 
 * `` what in the name of god are you doing ? '' 
 george asked from inside the shed . 
 `` never mind , '' blaze said . 
 `` you 're only in my head , anyway . '' 
 he got in the ford and drove out to the road . 
 `` this is n't very bright , '' george said . 
 now he was in the back seat . 
 `` you 're driving around in a stolen car . 
 no fresh paintjob , no fresh plates , no nothing . 
 where you going ? '' 
 blaze did n't say anything . 
 `` you ai n't going to ocoma , are you ? '' 
 blaze did n't say anything . 
 `` oh , fuck , you are , '' george said . 
 `` fuck me . 
 is n't the once you have to go enough ? '' 
 blaze did n't say anything . 
 he was dummied up . 
 `` listen to me , blaze . 
 turn around . 
 you get picked up , it 's out the window . 
 everything . 
 the whole deal . '' 
 blaze knew that was right , but would n't turn back . 
 why should george always get to order him around ? 
 even dead , he would n't stop giving orders . 
 sure , it was george 's plan , that one big score every small-bachman timer dreams of . 
 `` only we could really make it happen , '' he 'd say , but usually when he was drunk or high and never like he really believed it . 
 they had spent most of their time running two-man short cons , and mostly george seemed satisfied with that no matter what he said when he was drunk or getting his smoke on . 
 maybe the ocoma heights score was just a game for george , or what he sometimes called mental masturbation when he saw guys in suits talking about politics on tv . 
 blaze knew george was smart . 
 it was his guts he had never been sure of . 
 but now that he was dead , what choice ? 
 blaze was no good by himself . 
 the one time he 'd tried running the menswear con after george 's death , he 'd had to book like a bastard to keep from being picked up . 
 he got the lady 's name out of the obituary column just the way george did , had started in on george 's spiel , had shown the credit slips -lrb- there was a whole bag of them at the shack , and from the best stores -rrb- . 
 he told her about how sad he was to have to come by at such a sad time , but business was business and was sure she would understand that . 
 she said she did . 
 she invited him to stand in the foyer while she got her pockabook . 
 he never suspected that she had called the police . 
 if she had n't come back and pointed a gun at him , he probably would have still been standing there waiting when the police ho 'd up . 
 his time sense had never been good . 
 but she came back with a gun and pointed it at him . 
 it was a silver lady 's gun with little swoops on the sides and pearl handles . 
 `` the police are on their way , '' she said , `` but before they get here , i want you to explain yourself . 
 i want you to tell me what kind of a lowlife preys on a woman whose husband is n't even cold in his grave yet . '' 
 blaze did n't care what she wanted him to tell her . 
 he turned and ran out the door and across the porch and down the steps to the walk . 
 he could run pretty good once he got going , but he was slow getting going , and panic made him slower that day . 
 if she had pulled the trigger , she might have put a bullet in the back of his big head or shot off an ear or missed him entirely . 
 with a little short-barrel shooter like that , you could n't tell . 
 but she never fired . 
 when he got back to the place , he was half-moaning with fear and his stomach was tied in knots . 
 he was n't afraid of jail or the penitentiary , not even of the police-although he knew they would confuse him with their questions , they always did-but he was afraid of how easy she saw through him . 
 like it was n't nothing to her . 
 they had hardly ever seen through george , and when they did , he always knew it was happening and got them out . 
 and now this . 
 he was n't going to get away with it , knew it , and kept on anyway . 
 maybe he wanted to go back inside . 
 maybe that would n't be so bad , now that george was wasted . 
 let someone else do the thinking and provide the meals . 
 maybe he was trying to get caught right now , driving this hot car through the middle of ocoma heights . 
 right past the gerard house . 
 in the icebox of new england winter , it looked like an ice palace . 
 ocoma heights was old money -lrb- that 's what george said -rrb- , and the houses were really estates . 
 they were surrounded by big lawns in the summertime , but now the lawns were glazed snowfields . 
 it had been a hard winter . 
 the gerard house was the best one of all . 
 george called it early american hot shit , but blaze thought it was beautiful . 
 george said the gerards had made their money in shipping , that world war i made them rich and world war ii made them holy . 
 snow and sun struck cold fire from the many windows . 
 george said there were over thirty rooms . 
 he had done the preliminary work as a meter-reader from central valley power . 
 that had been in september . 
 blaze had driven the truck , which was borrowed rather than stolen although he supposed the police would have called it stolen , if they 'd been caught . 
 people were playing croquet on the side lawn . 
 some were girls , high school girls or maybe college girls , good looking . 
 blaze watched them and started feeling horny . 
 when george got back in and told him to wheel it , blaze told him about the good-looking girls , who had gone around to the back by then . 
 `` i saw em , '' george said . 
 `` think they 're better than anybody . 
 think their shit do n't stink . '' 
 `` pretty , though . '' 
 `` who gives a rat 's ass ? '' 
 george asked moodily , and crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` do n't you ever get horny , george ? '' 
 `` over babies like that ? 
 you jest . 
 now shut up and drive . '' 
 now , remembering that , blaze smiled . 
 george was like the fox who could n't reach the grapes and told everyone they were sour . 
 miss jolison read them that story in the second grade . 
 it was a big family . 
 there was the old mr. and mrs. gerard-he was eighty and still able to put away a pint of jack a day , that 's what george said . 
 there was the middle mr. and mrs. gerard . 
 and then there was the young mr. and mrs. gerard . 
 the young mr. gerard was joseph gerard iii , and he really was young , just twenty . 
 his wife was a narmenian . 
 george said that made her a spic . 
 blaze had thought only italians could be spics . 
 the middle gerards had other kids besides joseph gerard iii , but they did n't matter . 
 what mattered was the baby . 
 joseph gerard iv . 
 big name for such a little baby . 
 he was only two months old when blaze and george did their meter-reading bit in september . 
 that made him-um , there were one-two-three-four months between september and january-six months old . 
 he was the original joe 's only great-grandson . 
 `` if you 're gon na pull a snatch , you got to snatch a baby , '' george said . 
 `` a baby ca n't id you , so you can return it alive . 
 it ca n't fuck you up by trying to escape or sending out notes or some shit . 
 all a baby can do is lie there . 
 it do n't even know it 's been snatched . '' 
 they had been in the shack , sitting in front of the tv and drinking beer . 
 `` how much do you think they 'd be good for ? '' 
 blaze asked . 
 `` enough so you 'd never have to spend another winter day freezing your ass off selling fake magazine subscriptions or collecting for the red cross , '' george said . 
 `` how 's that sound ? '' 
 `` but how much would you ask ? '' 
 `` two million , '' george said . 
 `` one for you and one for me . 
 why be greedy ? '' 
 `` greedies get caught , '' blaze said . 
 `` greedies get caught , '' george agreed . 
 `` that 's what i taught you . 
 but what 's the workman worthy of , blaze-a-rino ? 
 what 'd i teach you about that ? '' 
 `` his hire , '' blaze said . 
 `` that 's right , '' george said , and hit his beer . 
 `` the workman 's worthy of his fucking hire . '' 
 so here he was , driving back to the miserable shack where he and george had been living since drifting north from boston , actually planning to go through with it . 
 he thought he would be caught , but ยก two million dollars ! 
 you could go someplace and never be cold again . 
 and if they caught you ? 
 the worst they could do would be put you in jail for life . 
 and if that happened , you 'd still never be cold again . 
 when the stolen ford was back in the shed , he remembered to brush the tracks away . 
 that would make george happy . 
 he made himself a couple of hamburgers for his lunch . 
 `` you really going through with it ? '' 
 george asked from the other room . 
 `` you lyin down , george ? '' 
 `` no , standin on my head and jerkin off . 
 i asked you a question . '' 
 `` i 'm gon na try . 
 will you help me ? '' 
 george sighed . 
 `` i guess i 'll have to . 
 i 'm stuck with you now . 
 but blaze ? '' 
 `` what , george ? '' 
 `` only ask for a million . 
 greedies get caught . '' 
 `` okay , only a million . 
 you want a hamburger ? '' 
