 the good , the plaid , and the ugly by justin langer copyright 2013 smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 you are welcome to share it with your friends . 
 this ebook may be reproduced , copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes , provided the book remains in its complete original form . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author . 
 you will also find additional information about the author at the end of this work . 
 enjoy ! 
 smashwords edition , legal notes all characters , products and events appearing in this work are fictitious . 
 any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental . 
 fade in : int : high school bathroom . 
 1997 . 
 high school senior tim hoffleday rinses his left hand in a sink . 
 blood runs down his hand and mingles with the water as it washes down the drain . 
 beside tim , jerry tarmack combs his hair in the mirror . 
 tim dammit , tarmack , i ca n't believe you guys ran . 
 the only one who stuck around to bail me out was jack . 
 tarmack sorry , tim . 
 it was about to get real ugly and i did n't see a reason for all of us to get caught . 
 like i said , i am really sorry . 
 tim it 's alright . 
 i am sure this whole thing with jack will blow over in a couple of weeks . 
 but as for me , i am walking the straight and narrow from now on . 
 no more mr. last minute . 
 it is just as mischievous a quality as it is admirable . 
 tarmack sure . 
 so , why 'd they name him jack ? 
 did they realize the serious threat his name would pose to his high school image ? 
 what was wrong with bill or mike ? 
 tim i do n't think my parents were looking that far ahead when they named him . 
 besides , it had to be jack , after our grandfather . 
 it 's a tradition thing . 
 our family is big on tradition . 
 tarmack that 's like naming your kid harry , when his last name is balls . 
 or naming him dick , when his last name is licker ! 
 or naming him ... tim -lrb- interrupting -rrb- i get the point , tarmack . 
 tim watches the water swirl down into the drain . 
 dissolve to : int : dairy cooler . 
 present day . 
 all is black . 
 jack i never thought i would end it like this . 
 so dark , so cold , and so alone . 
 i can see my breath pierce the frigid air . 
 in the desolate silence , my voice echoes back as the walls close in on me . 
 the darkness surrounds me like a shroud of ... suddenly , the steel door swings open and randy peeks in . 
 he is bald with glasses . 
 his mustache looks like a thick , hairy caterpillar crossing his face with every word he speaks . 
 randy jack , are you in here slacking off , again ? 
 silence . 
 randy flips on the light . 
 jack hoffleday sits on an empty milk crate in the middle of the dairy cooler . 
 his face is scruffy and his work uniform is wrinkled and stained . 
 he hides an opened carton of chocolate milk behind his back . 
 randy what in the hell are you doing , boy ? 
 get off your ass and get to work . 
 jack rises to his feet and continues to hide the milk carton . 
 randy what time did you get here today ? 
 jack umm , earlier . 
 randy what 's earlier ? 
 jack a little while ago . 
 randy i am not playing this stupid game . 
 what time did you arrive at work today ? 
 jack eight -lrb- pause -rrb- thirty -lrb- pause -rrb- - ish . 
 randy jack hoffleday , you give me a straight answer , now ! 
 and do n't lie because i can check the time-clock . 
 long awkward silence . 
 jack eleven . 
 randy that 's the last time , jack . 
 i will not tolerate you being insubordinate anymore . 
 one more slip and you 're fired . 
 so , shape up or ship out ! 
 understood ? 
 jack yes , sir . 
 randy good . 
 give me an all american supermarket salute and get to it . 
 jack salutes randy and accidentally douses him in chocolate milk . 
 randy jack , why do n't you take the day off and go home early . 
 and do n't bother ever coming back . 
 maybe you can do that much right without being a loser ? 
 jack slides past randy out the cooler . 
 cut to : int : all american supermarket . 
 aisle 14 . 
 jack drags himself down the aisle . 
 he casually pulls a box - cutter from his pocket and jams it into a bag of sugar . 
 he drags the box-cutter the entire length of the aisle through bags of sugar , flour , and salt . 
 they flow down into large neat mounds like dozens of little white ant-hills . 
 jack cracks a smile . 
 cut to : int . 
 aisle 12 . 
 jack grabs a cheap 2-liter bottle of grape soda and a bag of potato chips . 
 he rips open the bag of chips and dumps it all over his face . 
 only a handful falls into his mouth as the rest pile onto the floor . 
 he drops the bag and moves on . 
 cut to : int : frozen foods aisle . 
 jack reaches into a cooler and grabs six canisters of pizza dough . 
 cut to : int : registers . 
 jack carries the soda and canisters in his arms and makes for the exit . 
 randy and another associate , tammy , stand and watch him . 
 tammy plays with her hair as she chomps on her bubble gum . 
 tammy sorry to see you go , loser . 
 jack ignores her and looks down at a stack of newspapers on a stand . 
 he reveals a devious smile while tapping on the corner of the top newspaper . 
 jack ninety-five . 
 it is going to be a hot one today ! 
 jack exits the store . 
 tammy randy , are n't you going to stop him ? 
 he just left with all that stuff ! 
 randy contemplates tammy 's statement for a moment . 
 randy no . 
 it is a small price to pay to get him out of here quickly and painlessly . 
 do n't you have some work to do ? 
 cut to : ext : parking lot . 
 jack sits under a tree and chugs some grape soda from the bottle . 
 he pours the rest out and pops open one of the canisters of pizza dough . 
 he scoops out the dough and begins stuffing it into the empty two-liter bottle . 
 cut to : ext : five minutes later . 
 jack squishes his face into the driver 's side window of a 1998 toyota camry . 
 jack nice car , randy . 
 i see it pays well being an asshole . 
 jack tries every door of the car only to find that they are all locked . 
 he stands defeated for a moment until he notices the open sunroof . 
 he lops the two-liter bottle of dough into the car , and trots off . 
 cut to : int : tim 's house . 
 jack lies face down on a corduroy couch . 
 tim 's beagle , sammie , is sprawled out on top of him belly up . 
 the telephone rings . 
 jack 's arm comes to life and grabs the phone . 
 jack if you 're calling about the puppies , we 've decided to keep them all . 
 jim-bob -lrb- v. 0 . -rrb- 
 hey , dude . 
 what are you ... puppies ? 
 dude , did sammie have puppies ? 
 jack yeah , jim-bob . 
 right after his sex-change . 
 jim-bob poor sammie . 
 anyways , what are you up to right now ? 
 jack nothing . 
 just reclining on my brother 's sweet new couch . 
 jim-bob want to ditch the couch and join me and joe-bob at the beach ? 
 we got some chairs and a cooler of cold beer . 
 we 'll be there in like twenty minutes after joe-bob shaves his head . 
 jack sweet ! 
 i will bring the lime . 
 see ya ! 
 jack hangs up the phone . 
 cut to : ext : clearwater beach . 
 jack strolls onto the sand in his mismatched beach attire and flip-flops . 
 he drags his beach chair past a sign . 
 insert : sign welcome to clearwater beach . 
 back to scene the beach is swarmed with kids building sand castles , guys playing volleyball , and girls sunbathing in bikinis . 
 all the cleavage of the tanning women reflects off jacks sunglasses . 
 he unfolds his chair next to two guys in cut-off army camouflage shorts . 
 jim-bob has creamy tanning lotion smeared all over his chest and a head full of stringy hair . 
 joe-bob is bald and wears a hat . 
 jim-bob hands jack an open bottle of beer from a cooler full of ice . 
 jim-bob hey , dude . 
 bring us a lime ? 
 jack no , sorry man . 
 i , umm , went to the store and they did n't have any because , there 's a , umm , lime shortage this year . 
 jim-bob that 's harsh . 
 oh well . 
 drop down and catch some rays . 
 jack but hey , i did bring a can of lemon lime soda . 
 jack opens the soda and tops off his bottle of beer . 
 jack dude , this is better than lime ! 
 jim-bob takes the can and tops off his beer . 
 he takes a swig . 
 jim-bob dude , that is awesome ! 
 jack drops down in his chair , kicks off his flip-flops and chugs his beer . 
 jack so i 've been doing some deep thinking and i got a solid name for our band . 
 you guys ready for this ? 
 the bob-brothers stare at him . 
 jack picture this on a marquis . 
 in bold black letters , it says , `` peanut brittle bone disease . '' 
 silence . 
 the bob-brothers slump back in their chairs as if jack said nothing . 
 jack shrugs and chugs his beer . 
 cut to : ext : twenty minutes later . 
 jack opens another beer and tops it off with lemon lime soda . 
 jack so i bought these pretty sick vhs tapes the other day . 
 jim-bob yeah , like some girl on girl stuff ? 
 jack what ? 
 no . 
 it 's male on male stuff . 
 the bob brothers look at him in disgust . 
 jack no , not like that . 
 it 's some wrestling tapes with my man , rowdy roddie piper . 
 you guys wan na come hang later and watch them ? 
 jim-bob why would we do that when he is in town tomorrow night ? 
 did you forget only the most important night of the year ? 
 jack oh shit ! 
 that 's right , there 's a show tomorrow night in ybor city . 
 jim-bob , you know i got you later if you can spot me the dough for the ticket . 
 jim-bob nope . 
 i 'm broke , buddy . 
 jack joe-bob ? 
 joe-bob sits quietly like he never heard jack . 
 jack why is joe-bob so quiet ? 
 i 've been here twenty minutes and he has n't even made one perverted remark about a girl 's titties . 
 jim-bob oh , he is a little sensitive right now . 
 jack joe-bob , sensitive ? 
 jim-bob yup . 
 he did n't realize he had such a funny shaped head until after he shaved it . 
 joe-bob removes his hat to reveal his bald , crooked head covered in cuts and nicks . 
 jack yeah , that 's a pretty fucked up shaped head , dude . 
 put your hat back on . 
 joe-bob flops the hat back on . 
 jack his head is always going to be that ugly . 
 did you tell him that the hair will grow back ? 
 jim-bob no . 
 do you think that will make him feel better ? 
 jack probably not , but those will make him feel better ! 
 jack points towards a couple of women tanning in front of them . 
 both women are face down with their tops undone . 
 jack chugs his beer and wipes his mouth . 
 jack jim-bob , another beer , please . 
 i 'm feeling hot ! 
 cut to : int : meeting room . 
 twelve important looking people sit at a long table , including mr. leghorn , ms. wilson and an older jerry tarmack . 
 they all stare at 26-year old tim hoffleday . 
 tim wears a business suit and is clean-shaven . 
 tim stands in front of a huge display of kutter brand mosquito repellant products and storyboards . 
 tim so the mosquito says , `` as if my two-week life span was n't short enough already ! '' 
 then , we show the mother spray the mosquito with the can of mosquito fogger . 
 finally , focus in on the assortment of kutter mosquito repellant products on the picnic table and we end with the new slogan , which is ... `` kill them quick , kill them today , kill them the kutter way ! '' 
 tim stands proud and looks each of them over . 
 they all sit quietly . 
 mr. leghorn well , that sucked . 
 ms. wilson mr. leghorn , please ! 
 tim , we gave you a week and you present us with ... mr. leghorn -lrb- interrupting -rrb- it sucked . 
 just say it . 
 ms. wilson mr. leghorn , that 's enough ! 
 tim , we wanted something more professional and less ... homicidal . 
 and the mosquito seems too cute . 
 what does everyone else think ? 
 mr. leghorn we should contact a more legit advertising agency . 
 we basically hired this kid because he is a friend of tarmack 's and that has already afforded us a week we did n't have . 
 that 's what i think . 
 she looks around at the other board members . 
 they all nod in agreement . 
 jerry tarmack speaks up . 
 tarmack before we jump into a hasty decision let 's give tim another chance . 
 i feel he is just getting warmed up . 
 i promise you guys he will give us something incredible this time next week . 
 i vouch for him on this ! 
 all the board members murmur . 
 ms. wilson tarmack , do you realize we have already lost a week ? 
 we have deadlines and you want another seven days ? 
 i consider myself open-minded and am willing to give tim another chance at this . 
 i will offer him two days to give us something not only better , but perfect . 
 ms. wilson stares at tim . 
 he nods to her as he nervously rubs a large scar on his left hand . 
 mr. leghorn great , ms. wilson . 
 i am going to end this meeting if you do n't mind and go find my own way of wasting two more days of company time . 
 he leaves . 
 a few of the other people follow him . 
 cut to : int : hallway . 
 tim lulls down the hallway with an arm full of storyboards , a briefcase , and a few cans and bottles of mosquito repellant . 
 tarmack combs his hair as he walks with tim . 
 tim tarmack , you did n't have to do that . 
 i really gave them my all . 
 i do n't think i am going to come up with anything better in two days . 
 tarmack well , you have to . 
 i stuck my neck out for you and i need you to pull this one out . 
 i know you can do it , mr. last minute . 
 tim do n't call me that , it reminds me of high school . 
 tarmack i ca n't help it . 
 it is the truth . 
 every game , every test , everything in general , you always pulled it out last minute . 
 you were the man back then ! 
 tim stops . 
 tim so what am i now ? 
 tarmack tim , you 've become a weenie . 
 in that high school bathroom , seven years ago , i never believed you for a second when you said that you were going to start `` walking the straight and narrow . '' 
 but you did and then some . 
 it seems like everything you 've become since then is just so predictable , planned , and . . . 
 boring . 
 you 're whole presentation today was so plain and so packaged . 
 it was like a formed , processed , bland , and chalky nutritional candy bar . 
 you left a dull taste in everyone 's mouth . 
 you need to get back to that old tim that was spontaneous , and unpredictable . 
 you are not going to land this sale unless you do ! 
 tim well , maybe i never wanted to land this sale in the first place . 
 a janitor pushes past them with a cart full of cleaning supplies and a trash can . 
 tim crams all his storyboards in the trash can and stomps off . 
 tarmack tim . 
 tim turns around . 
 tarmack too much work and not enough play makes tim a dull boy ! 
 you need to unwind . 
 forget about the account for a day and go do something spontaneous and crazy . 
 hey , tomorrow night at the afterglow , lesbian coleslaw wrestling ! 
 my brother can get us in for free . 
 tim smiles . 
 tim thanks for looking out , tarmack . 
 i 'll get back to you on the coleslaw wrestling . 
 cut to : ext : clearwater beach . 
 jack is sprawled out in his chair . 
 five empty beer bottles litter the sand near his feet . 
 his cheeks and forehead are pink from the hot sun . 
 jack jim-bobby , baby . 
 one more beer for the jackster . 
 jim-bob passes over another beer . 
 the girls still tan with their tops undone . 
 jack dude , look at these girls . 
 they are so taunting us . 
 they want us to look . 
 jim-bob that 's right , dude . 
 but we are way are out of their league , so looking is all we can do and probably afford . 
 it is like having a parrot dangled in front of our faces . 
 jack you mean a carrot ? 
 jim-bob yeah . 
 jack takes a long swig of his cold beer as jim-bob pulls a beer out of the ice for himself . 
 there are three beers left in the cooler . 
 cut to : ext : twenty minutes later . 
 the cooler is empty . 
 jack finishes his beer and drops the empty bottle next to the other six bottles by his feet . 
 his head slumps forward in a drunken stupor as he belches a hideous burp . 
 he stares indefinitely at the girls tanning . 
 jack i ca n't handle this too much longer . 
 these girls are ... one of the girls sits up a little bit and readjusts herself . 
 jack i totally just saw a nip ! 
 jack wobbles to his feet and stumbles to the cooler . 
 jim-bob no more beer , dude . 
 we are out . 
 jack it 's ok , i did n't come over here for the beer . 
 jack picks up the cooler and staggers through the sand towards the girls . 
 jack this is for you joe-bob . 
 hopefully it will make you feel better about your fucked-up shaped head . 
 jim-bob and joe-bob lean forward in their seats , wide-eyed with attention . 
 jack stands over the girls , vanessa and cindy , with the cooler in his hands . 
 vanessa -lrb- condescendingly -rrb- you 're standing in my sun , loser . 
 jack looks delirious and collected all at once as he dumps the cooler of ice and water onto the girls . 
 they scream and hop to their feet . 
 jack and the bob brothers are in heaven as the girls ' scramble around topless . 
 vanessa yells for her boyfriend . 
 cindy slugs jack in his eye . 
 vanessa bobby ! 
 bobby , help me ! 
 bobby and frank come running out of kahuna 's beach bar . 
 jim-bob starts throwing empty beer bottles at them . 
 one of them bounces off frank 's skull causing him to hit the sand like a bag of potatoes . 
 bobby sprints through the sand and clotheslines jim-bob . 
 jim-bob doubles over and just about kisses his own butt . 
 bobby i am going to get you asshole ! 
 jack has cindy in a headlock . 
 he pushes her down into a sandcastle and throws a handful of sand at bobby . 
 cindy staggers to her feet and swings wildly at jack . 
 as bobby claws sand from his eyes , joe-bob wraps a towel around his head . 
 joe-bob spins bobby around in front of jack causing bobby to accidentally receive a few vicious jabs via cindy . 
 jack grabs jim-bob and makes for the parking lot . 
 jack let 's go joe-bob ! 
 joe-bob catches up with his brother and jack . 
 joe-bob them sure was the pointiest titties i ever seen ! 
 jack laughs . 
 jack yes , joe-bob is back ! 
 cut to : int : tim 's house . 
 jack lies on the couch covered in sand . 
 he holds an all-american supermarket plastic grocery bag filled with ice on his eye . 
 sammie 's tail wags as he watches tim saunter up the driveway . 
 tim trudges through the front door and drops his bag . 
 he kneels down and lets the dog lick his face . 
 tim hey , sammie-dog ! 
 jack does n't move as tim notices him . 
 tim my brother , jack , with a black eye . 
 who did you manage to piss off , today ? 
 jack this dude got crazy with me at the beach . 
 i looked at his girlfriend wrong or something . 
 tim begins to look disgruntled . 
 tim and you had time to go to the beach today , when ? 
 cut to : ext : all-american supermarket . 
 parking lot . 
 the burning hot sun reflects off the white hood of randy 's toyota camry . 
 cut to : int : toyota camry . 
 the 2-liter bottle sits on the passenger side seat . 
 the pizza dough bubbles inside the bottle . 
 cut to : int : tim 's house . 
 jack sits up in the couch . 
 jack after work . 
 tim when was that ? 
 jack like ... um ... tim jack , i am not one of your stupid bosses . 
 i am your brother . 
 please , treat with me with just a little more respect and give me the truth . 
 jack oh come on , tim . 
 i had a rough day . 
 ca n't we talk about this later when i can see your wonderful smiling face ? 
 tim clenches his hands into fists . 
 cut to : int : toyota camry . 
 hot sunlight bathes the 2-liter bottle from the open sunroof . 
 the pizza dough bubbles profusely inside the bottle . 
 it makes a quiet whining noise like a teakettle that is just reaching a boil . 
 cut to : int : tim 's house . 
 tim 's face is getting red . 
 tim jack , give me a straight answer , now ! 
 jack alright . 
 eleven-thirty . 
 tim were n't you scheduled for work this morning at eight ? 
 jack yeah . 
 tim only a three-hour shift ? 
 jack yeah , but it 's my last three-hour shift . 
 tim your last three-hour shift or your last shift ? 
 jack stares at his brother like a thief who 's been caught red - handed . 
 jack ohhh , my kidney ! 
 jack clutches the right side of his gut like he is pain . 
 tim shakes his head as he boils over with frustration and anger . 
 cut to : int : toyota camry . 
 the 2-liter bottle is completely bloated . 
 the pizza dough inside is oily and bubbling as if it were carbonated . 
 the bottle quivers . 
 cut to : int : tim 's house . 
 jack still clutches his kidney . 
 tim give it a rest , jack ! 
 your kidney is perfectly fine since the operation . 
 right now , i am furious with you ! 
 you are 22 and have had over a dozen different jobs in the last year . 
 you do n't have a car . 
 in fact , you own nothing . 
 you need to learn to grow up and take responsibility ! 
 i feel i have no other choice but to light a flame under your ass and tell you that you have two days to make rent or you have to get out ! 
 jack quits faking the pain . 
 jack two days or i am out ? 
 dude , give me just a small extension and i will make it up to you . 
 tim no , definitely not another extension . 
 two days , jack ! 
 i want the rent on time , for once . 
 and get off my new couch with your dirty shorts , please ! 
 as jack stands up , handfuls of sand pour off his chest and lap onto the corduroy couch . 
 he attempts to dust off the sand only to accidentally squeeze the contents of the grocery bag all over the couch . 
 ice and water splash onto the cushions . 
 jack takes off his shirt and tries to wipe it all off , only to smear it all into the rivets of the corduroy . 
 tim explodes with rage and slaps his forehead . 
 tim dammit , jack ! 
 cut to : int : toyota camry . 
 the 2-liter bottle of pizza dough perspires . 
 suddenly , the bottle explodes . 
 plastic shrapnel and mounds of cooked and raw pizza dough blanket the interior of the car . 
 fade out : fade in : int : tim 's house . 
 bedroom . 
 tim sits at his desk mumbling to himself . 
 tim kutter . 
 kills mosquitoes . 
 prevents west nile virus . 
 contains diethyl-meta-toluamide . 
 come on brain , think ! 
 tim opens a drawer and pulls out a high school yearbook . 
 tim mr. last-minute , what happened to you ? 
 he flips a few pages . 
 insert : yearbook photo a picture of himself running down a basketball court for a layup . 
 insert : caption `` in the clutch , tim hoffleday sinks the winning shot ! '' 
 back to scene tim thinks quietly to himself until the phone rings . 
 cut to : int : living room . 
 jack sits on the couch watching television . 
 he is on the edge of his seat . 
 a couple of empty vhs tape cases lie on the table . 
 insert : tape covers wrestlefest 2 and rowdy roddie piper 's rowdiest moments . 
 back to scene the telephone rings , again . 
 tim -lrb- 0.c . -rrb- 
 jack , will you get that . 
 jack answers the phone . 
 jack this is tim hoffleday . 
 delores -lrb- v. 0 . -rrb- 
 hello , jack . 
 jack hey , mom . 
 how did you know it was me ? 
 delores motherly instinct . 
 i get it from grandma . 
 do n't ever try to pull one on her , she 's even quicker than me ! 
 jack great , i will remember that . 
 how is everything ? 
 delores wonderful . 
 i am calling to see how your brother 's pitch with the kutter people went , today . 
 jack oh , i am sure it went great . 
 tim is a success at everything , remember ? 
 delores well , good . 
 how was your day , jack ? 
 jack it sucked , like usual . 
 i got fired , punched in the eye , and tim is kicking me out 'cause i do n't have rent . 
 delores where is all your money ? 
 jack i spent it on two new wrestling tapes i bought yesterday . 
 and the rest on some pina coladas at the beach on wednesday or maybe it was tuesday ? 
 i do n't remember . 
 the days just kind of bleed together sometimes . 
 let 's face it , mom . 
 i have two days to score 250 bucks . 
 i think i am going to go whore myself out on fourth street . 
 there are plenty of women that would pay for this ! 
 jack sucks in his gut and flexes his flabby arm . 
 delores that 's horrible ! 
 do n't say that ! 
 listen , maybe you can help your grandma out this weekend on her garage sale ? 
 she would probably give you a small cut . 
 she has a lot of stuff to sell and she is too old and tired to manage it all on her own . 
 she could use you , jack . 
 jack spend the day with grandma ? 
 jack sighs jack fine . 
 but she ca n't preach to me and she has to make me lunch . 
 delores i am sure she will be excited to hear she will be getting some help . 
 just be there at seven ` o ' clock tomorrow morning . 
 ok , i have to go , jack . 
 it is bingo night ! 
 jack ok , thanks for looking out , mom . 
 have fun and do n't get too crazy ! 
 wait , have i told you the name for my band , yet ? 
 delores band ? 
 i did n't even know you were in a band . 
 jack tentatively speaking , i am . 
 anyways , i have done some deep meditating and i think we are going to call ourselves , `` highway petroleum jelly . '' 
 you get it ? 
 like highway patrol mixed with petroleum jelly . 
 it is genius , mom ! 
 delores it is ... clever . 
 give my love to tim . 
 jack hangs up the phone and rebounds off the couch into tim 's room . 
 cut to : int : bedroom tim chews on a pencil while flipping through his yearbook . 
 jack stumbles in . 
 jack hey , wan na watch the end of this tape with me ? 
 it is `` rowdy roddie piper 's rowdiest moments ! '' 
 tim no , i am working on something . 
 should n't you be packing or trying to sell your stuff ? 
 jack not funny ! 
 jack leaves . 
 cut to : int : living room . 
 jack sprawls out on the couch and yawns . 
 jack yeah , baby . 
 rowdy roddie piper is tough so you do n't have to be ! 
 tim -lrb- 0.c . -rrb- 
 keep it down out there ! 
 he watches his wrestling movie and slowly nods off . 
 insert : television rowdy roddie piper puts jimmie `` supahfly '' snuka in a sleeper hold submission move . 
 the referee raises snuka 's arm and lets it drop back down . 
 the referee jumps up and calls for the bell . 
 ding ! 
 ding ! 
 ding ! 
 the bell rings as piper wins it . 
 snuka falls to the wrestling mat out cold . 
 back to scene jack is out cold on the couch . 
 cut to : int : next morning . 
 the television is still on but the screen is blank . 
 the phone rings a few times , but jack is fast asleep on the couch . 
 tim -lrb- 0.c . -rrb- 
 jack , pick up the phone . 
 it is grandma . 
 jack picks up the television remote and puts it to his ear . 
 jack hey , grandma . 
 -lrb- pause -rrb- grandma ? 
 he drops the remote and grabs the phone . 
 jack hey , grandma . 
 grandma good morning , jack . 
 what time this morning do you think you will be coming by to help me out ? 
 jack i told mom about seven . 
 grandma oh , well it is seven-thirty now . 
 jack oh , shit ! 
 jack hops up and rubs his eyes . 
 jack i mean , shoot ! 
 i am on my way grandma ! 
 jack pulls on his shoes . 
 he knocks on tim 's bedroom door and then peeks in . 
 cut to : int : bedroom . 
 tim is asleep in his bed . 
 an old shoebox is open and tipped over on the floor . 
 high school photographs and memorabilia are scattered around the shoebox . 
 jack tim , can i borrow your bike . 
 tim throws up his arm and nods his head without waking up . 
 jack i will take that as a yes ! 
 cut to : ext : neighborhood . 
 jack rides the ten-speed like a total maniac through the streets and across front lawns . 
 he hops over curbs and kicks over trash cans . 
 cut to : ext : may 's house . 
 jack screeches up the driveway and skids through the slick grass . 
 he smells his own breath and then his armpits , shrugs , and disappears into the house . 
 cut to : int : may 's house . 
 jack 's grandma , may , puts some old records in a box . 
 jack sneaks up on her and kisses her on the cheek . 
 jack i made it . 
 may thank you so much , jack . 
 follow me out to the garage . 
 jack follows her to the garage . 
 cut to : int : garage . 
 jack stands with an enormous frown on his face . 
 cardboard boxes are piled to the ceiling on top of antique desks , chairs , and other miscellaneous furniture . 
 may i have a lot of stuff , as you can see . 
 i will give you one-fourth of whatever we make and i will make you lunch . 
 jack howabout a third of whatever we make and i will let you tell me one of your bible stories ? 
 she smiles . 
 may you 're a tough bargain , just like i used to be . 
 everything is tagged with a small sticker that has the price on it . 
 just move everything out onto the driveway and i will go put the signs out . 
 people should be arriving instantly . 
 jack smells a rusted aluminum coffee can . 
 may do n't budge more than a few dollars on the furniture and above all things , do not sell anything from off this shelf . 
 may points to a massive wooden bookshelf full of books and trinkets . 
 one shelf contains a beautiful wooden chest . 
 the chest is white and very antique . 
 jack not a problem , grandma . 
 go drop those lures and let 's catch us some fishies ! 
 cut to : ext : driveway . 
 jack carries out the last thing , an old record player , and puts it on a table . 
 a few cars start pulling up . 
 people scurry up the driveway and pick through the boxes of stuff . 
 jack good morning . 
 an old chinese woman ignores him . 
 grandma pulls up and hobbles out of her car . 
 may i will help for about an hour or so , but no longer . 
 i can not stand on my feet for very long . 
 jack no problem , grandma . 
 you can count on me to sell all this shit ... stuff ! 
 sell all this stuff ! 
 cut to : int : the meadow 's house . 
 twenty-one year old ashley meadow sleeps in her bed as her alarm buzzes . 
 insert : alarm clock 9:12 back to scene britney -lrb- o.c. -rrb- ashley , get up ! 
 your stupid alarm clock has been going off for like ten minutes ! 
 ashley rolls over and smacks it . 
 ashley ugh , i do n't want to go to work today . 
 she flips off the covers and staggers to the bathroom . 
 cut to : int : bathroom . 
 ashley looks in the mirror to see her own saggy , colorless face freckled with zits . 
 her bathroom vanity is covered in numerous mary-cay cosmetic lotions , make-ups , and moisturizers . 
 ashley -lrb- lackluster -rrb- mary-cay beautician , pledge number one : nobody else can see the beauty in themselves unless they see the beauty in me ! 
 pledge number two : e.c.m.m. exfoliate , cleanse , moisturize , and make yourself beautiful ! 
 pledge number three : sell yourself to ... britney barges in . 
 britney -lrb- interrupting -rrb- cut it out with that goody-goody , by-the-book crap and just give up already . 
 you 've been trying for weeks to outsell me and it 'll never happen . 
 you will never sell fifteen hundred by tonight 's meeting . 
 hey , can i borrow a little bit of your kiwi-avocado moisturizer ? 
 britney grabs it off the vanity and disappears . 
 ashley scowls . 
 cut to : ext : driveway . 
 jack sleeps in a chair as may attempts to keep up with the barrage of people picking through her belongings . 
 she sighs . 
 may jack . 
 jack ! 
 jack wakes up . 
 jack huh ? 
 yeah , sorry , i just dozed off for a minute . 
 may my feet are tired . 
 i am going in for a while . 
 jack what ? 
 we 've only been going for like ten minutes . 
 may no , honey . 
 you were asleep for an hour . 
 i am going inside , now . 
 jack an hour ? 
 really ? 
 wow . 
 jack stretches and strolls around the driveway . 
 may can you grab these last few boxes and put them out before i go in ? 
 it is just some old rock and roll albums . 
 jack absolutely . 
 he grabs one of the boxes and sets it next to the record player . 
 jack 's face glows with joy as he flips through the records . 
 jack whoa ! 
 these are classics ! 
 the rolling stones . 
 johnny cash . 
 billy joel ! 
 grandma , were these yours ? 
 may does n't hear him as she goes inside . 
 an old lady taps on jack 's shoulder . 
 old lady excuse me , young man . 
 how much for this gravy boat ? 
 jack a dolla ... 0h wait , that is n't just any gravy boat ! 
 that is the very gravy boat that sat on the table of the king . 
 old lady oh my , what king ? 
 jack plucks an elvis presley album from the box of records and puts it in the old lady 's face . 
 jack what king ? 
 why , the king , elvis presley ! 
 it will be three dollars , please . 
 she hands him the money and leaves . 
 jack notices a man looking at a set of golf clubs . 
 he strolls up next to him . 
 jack my grandfather never missed a par at the pga with those clubs ! 
 the man turns around . 
 man really ? 
 who was your grandfather ? 
 jack uh , only jack nicholson ! 
 man you mean , jack nicklaus ? 
 jack yep , him , and it will be forty dollars for those beauties , sir . 
 the man flips jack two twenty-dollar bills . 
 a very old man approaches jack with a camera in his hand . 
 meanwhile , a yellow volkswagon beetle pulls up to the curb . 
 the door has a magnetic sign on the side . 
 insert : sign mary-cay beautician : ashley meadows back to scene old man my boy , how much for this old camera ? 
 jack that is n't just any camera . 
 that camera was ... old man -lrb- interrupting -rrb- i will give you a quarter . 
 jack hello ! 
 that is the very camera that took the picture of muhammad ali standing over sonny liston . 
 eight dollars for that piece of history . 
 the old man puts it down . 
 jack sees a young lady in the garage looking around . 
 jack excuse me , ma'am . 
 nothing in here is for sale . 
 everything we are selling is in the driveway . 
 the lady pulls the wooden chest off the bookshelf and turns around . 
 it is ashley meadows . 
 her face is colorfully painted with heavy amounts of make-up . 
 ashley how much for this ? 
 jack not for sale , sorry . 
 ashley digs through her purse and pulls out five dollars . 
 she waves it in front of his face . 
 jack nope . 
 the old man taps jack on the shoulder . 
 jack turns around to see him holding a toaster in one hand and some garments in the other . 
 old man how much for this toaster ? 
 jack mister , that appliance is a fine-tuned instrument of toasting perfection . 
 i could n't see letting it go for less than four dollars . 
 old man i will give you a quarter . 
 jack a quarter ? 
 what century are you from , man ? 
 jack looks over the old man 's shoulder . 
 six other people are rummaging through the boxes . 
 jack begins to feel rushed . 
 old man good , it is a deal . 
 and how much for these ? 
 the old man holds up two old-lady braziers . 
 jack shrieks . 
 jack ewwww , gross . 
 a quarter ! 
 ashley opens the chest and peeks inside . 
 ashley -lrb- quietly -rrb- wow ! 
 she closes it , tucks it under her arm , and pulls three twenties from her purse . 
 ashley i have to have this ! 
 sixty dollars ! 
 jack have what ? 
 whoa , sixty bones ! 
 deal ! 
 jack snags the money and jams it into his pocket . 
 she trots to her car in a hurry like she just stole something . 
 jack reads the magnetic sign on the door as she speeds away . 
 jack mary-cay beautician , ashley meadows . 
 sucker ! 
 jack puts a record in an old record player . 
 he puts the needle into position and drops it . 
 `` jumpin ' jack flash , '' by the rolling stones , blares from the speakers of the ancient record player . 
 begin musical montage : jack selling worthless junk to people . 
 jack spreads his arms far apart motioning to the size of a large fish as he nods his head at an old black man . 
 the man has a big smile as he gazes at a fishing pole in his hands . 
 jack aims a bee-bee gun up at a tree and then shows it to a little boy . 
 he quickly looks around to make sure nobody is watching and points at the piggy bank under the kid 's arm . 
 the kid takes the bee-bee gun and hands over his piggy bank . 
 the little boy aims the gun at jack . 
 jack pushes the barrel of the gun away and shakes his finger at the kid . 
 jack removes a dainty little cheese knife from a purple velvet box and pretends to throw it . 
 he then acts as if it got lodged into his neck . 
 he clutches his throat and motions as if blood is spraying everywhere . 
 two dangerous looking teenagers wearing gang-member apparel nod with excitement . 
 jack reveals some of the features of an oversized microwave oven to a lady with a tiny dog . 
 he jokingly puts the dog in the oven , closes the door , and taps a few buttons . 
 the woman smashes him in the head with her purse and retrieves her dog . 
 jack shows a recliner sofa to a gay couple . 
 he bends over the chair to pull a handle to activate the recliner . 
 when he pulls the handle a metal spring pops out of the bottom of the chair . 
 suddenly , the recliner jerks open . 
 jack lurches forward and gets stuck in the chair with his butt propped up in the air . 
 the two gay men nod and smile with approval as they stare at jack 's rear end . 
 end musical montage : the music skips and cuts short because jack is putting the record player in the back of a station wagon . 
 cut to : int : may 's house . 
 jack sits at the table cramming a sandwich into his face . 
 may refills his lemonade . 
 may i forgot to tell you that your mother is on her way to pick up a few things for the big reunion on tuesday . 
 jack cool , maybe i can bum a ride off her . 
 whoa , the reunion is on tuesday ? 
 may yes . 
 so what is our grand total today ? 
 i notice you sold almost everything ! 
 jack yeah , i did some suggestive selling . 
 i have n't counted the loot yet . 
 i kind of lost count after like four hundred . 
 jack shoves the remainder of the sandwich into his mouth and removes the wad of cash from the coffee can on the table . 
 he dumps the can over and spills change everywhere . 
 cut to : int : the meadow 's house . 
 britney dumps her purse out on her bed . 
 different little bottles of nail polish , lotion , and make-up scatter everywhere . 
 she has a map of paris , france opened up on the floor . 
 her gaudy , pink cell phone rings to the tune of `` material girl '' by madonna . 
 she answers it . 
 britney speak . 
 ashley -lrb- v. 0 . -rrb- 
 brit , you wo n't believe what i just bought ! 
 britney i do n't know , maybe a life ? 
 ashley maybe i wo n't tell you , you brat . 
 and i will give it to my dad on his birthday exclusively from me . 
 britney what is it ? 
 tell me ! 
 ashley i was on my way to do a make-over this morning and i stopped off at a garage sale . 
 and for sixty dollars , i tricked this loser into selling me a beautiful , white , leather bound bible . 
 it was in this antique chest . 
 dad , i mean , my dad , will totally love it ! 
 britney what gave you the idea that he wanted a new bible ? 
 ashley i listen to him , instead of thinking about myself all day like someone else i know . 
 he keeps complaining about his bible falling apart . 
 and besides , this one is a spitting image of his old bible with beautiful gold pages and ... britney whatever . 
 just leave it on the front seat and i will take a look at it when i pick up the car later . 
 ashley looking only ! 
 do n't touch it or you 'll taint its purity you transgressor . 
 where are you going tonight ? 
 britney i wo n't touch your dumb bible . 
 me and the girls are going to ybor city , like usual . 
 we 'll probably end up at club maxim . 
 and no , you can not go . 
 it is my celebration for winning the make-up sales contest . 
 hey , guess what i am doing right now ? 
 ashley taking a handful of weight-loss pills ? 
 britney no , you jealous cow . 
 i am packing my stuff for my wonderful trip to paris ! 
 ashley hangs up on her stepsister . 
 cut to : int : may 's house . 
 jack stares at the stacks of money before him . 
 jack grandma , we cleaned up . 
 so , what is one-third of six hundred and three dollars and eighty-eight cents ? 
 may i am not sure , but i know that one-fourth of that would be about ... one hundred and fifty one dollars and twenty - two cents . 
 delores -lrb- 0.c . -rrb- 
 your grandma is still sharp as a tack ! 
 they both turn to see jack 's mom , delores , tiptoe in through the front door . 
 jack hey , mom . 
 he gives her a hug and then gives one to may . 
 jack and thank you , grandma , for helping me make a few extra bucks . 
 now , if you girls do n't mind , i am going to make sure the toilet is working properly . 
 jack disappears into the bathroom . 
 delores hugs her mother . 
 delores you did really well this morning . 
 may it was , actually , all jack . 
 the boy can amaze me , sometimes , and other times he just plain baffles me . 
 he can be so creative and clever , or so thoughtless and mischievous . 
 are you sure he has the same father as tim ? 
 delores smiles . 
 delores i know , mom . 
 he 's been like that since his freshman year of high school . 
 they both sit down at the table . 
 delores so , tuesday is the big day . 
 have you decided to which daughter you will be handing the chest down to ? 
 may no . 
 there are so many granddaughters , and great - granddaughters , and then there is you and your sisters . 
 i love everyone , and i do n't want it to turn into a `` playing favorites '' contest . 
 it is unfair to choose only one of the girls . 
 but , as tradition has it , i have to choose the one lady in our family that will look after our heritage and ensure the family relic last another fifty years . 
 delores i am sure you will make the right decision , mom . 
 where is it so i can clean it up and get it ready for the reunion ? 
 kathy 's daughters have never seen it , and they are all flying in from phoenix to be with us . 
 it will be a special occasion for everyone . 
 we have n't had a reunion like this in years ! 
 may sighs . 
 may yes , yes . 
 follow me . 
 it is in the garage . 
 i have n't moved it from the shelf since your father put it there ten years ago . 
 god bless him . 
 they both file into the garage . 
 cut to : int : garage . 
 may and delores rummage through the shelf and turn over some empty boxes . 
 may oh my , it was on the shelf just a few hours ago . 
 i wonder where it might be . 
 jack staggers into the garage while drying his hands on his shirt . 
 delores maybe jack moved it ? 
 may the white chest . 
 you know , the one with the family heirloom in it . 
 jack swallows a big gulp of air and remains quiet for a moment . 
 may where 'd you move it to , jack ? 
 jack it is , um ... jack looks around . 
 he stares at tim 's bicycle for a moment . 
 jack i am so stupid , how could i have not told you ? 
 tim dropped by earlier and picked it up . 
 yeah , he said he was going to bring it over to you , mom . 
 jack nods his head with relief as if he just dodged a bullet . 
 delores oh , ok . 
 i will just drop by there and pick it up . 
 jack no ! 
 no , i will drop it off later to you , mom . 
 may well , earlier , did n't you say you needed a ride home , jack ? 
 just have her drop you off and she can get the book from tim . 
 jack i do n't think tim is home . 
 he had some meeting or something this morning . 
 delores on a saturday ? 
 he usually enjoys his saturdays sleeping in and taking sammie to the park . 
 jack no , that kutter account has him bending over backwards . 
 i am doubtful he is at the park . 
 delores well , i will just call him . 
 he always has his phone on him . 
 delores digs into her purse and pulls out her phone . 
 jack panics and fakes a kidney pain . 
 jack aaaaggh ! 
 damn kidney ! 
 he swats the phone out of his mother 's hand as he twists and flops to the ground in pain . 
 the phone flips through the air and smashes against the wall . 
 delores and may attend to jack . 
 may jack , are you ok ? 
 do you need me to call an ambulance ? 
 jack no , it was just a quick stabbing pain . 
 it is gone now . 
 delores i was worried for a moment , honey . 
 are you sure you 're ok ? 
 jack yeah , i am fine . 
 sorry about your phone , though . 
 they all glance down at the phone . 
 it is busted open . 
 cut to : ext : park . 
 tim casually strolls through the park while sammie tries to drag him by his leash . 
 there are families ' picnicking , kids roller - skating , and ducks waddling in and out of the ponds . 
 tim stops to watch a mother and her child . 
 the mother sprays her young child down with a bottle of mosquito repellent . 
 the woman speaks softly . 
 mother here you go , baby , let 's put some of this mosquito repellent on you . 
 mother well , it is our way of telling all the buggies that want to bite you to buzz off ! 
 the child swats at a bug that whizzes by . 
 child buzz off ! 
 sammie yanks tim from his gazing . 
 tim hmmm , that might work . 
 tell mosquitoes to buzz off ! 
 he keeps walking . 
 tim gosh , it 's close but still not right . 
 still not perfect . 
 jack -lrb- 0.c . -rrb- 
 tim ! 
 tim ! 
 tim looks around to see who is calling his name . 
 jack screeches up to tim on his bicycle . 
 jack hey , bro . 
 we have to talk ! 
 tim jack , this really is n't good timing . 
 i am trying to ... jack -lrb- interrupting -rrb- dude , i fucked up royally ! 
 tim what did you do this time ? 
 make a donut joke in front of a police officer ? 
 please tell me you did n't get busted for public urination , again ? 
 is it so bad that you have to interrupt my park-time ? 
 jack yes ! 
 this is serious . 
 i am talking excommunication from our family ! 
 tim go on . 
 jack i sold the chest . 
 tim keeps walking with sammie as jack slowly rides behind . 
 tim the chest ? 
 jack you know , the family heirloom , that little white box that gets passed down from the girls in our family every fifty years . 
 tim stops and turns around . 
 tim you sold it ? 
 i want nothing to do with your scheme of getting it back . 
 jack oh , i think we 're past that . 
 tim explain , please . 
 jack listen , i just have to call this dumb , mary-cay makeup girl and get it back . 
 i will refund her the sixty dollars . 
 all i need from you is a ride over to her place and for you to tell a small white lie . 
 tim jack , i really do not have time for this . 
 my presentation bombed yesterday and i have only one chance to make it up to them . 
 this is my first big account and i need it . 
 it will put me on the map . 
 it will get me out of the minor leagues and into the majors . 
 jack , i do n't have time to help you out with another one of your blunders . 
 jack tim , this will be the last time , ever , i swear ! 
 i will make it up to you somehow . 
 all the women in our family have been looking forward to this dumb reunion . 
 this book means more to them than i ever will . 
 tim , they will sacrifice me at the reunion if i do n't get back the chest . 
 they will put me on a spit and roast me . 
 tim , i am no good roasted . 
 i am all fat ! 
 tim shakes his head . 
 tim no . 
 jack no ? 
 tim no . 
 i disagree with you , if you 're all fat , then you 're perfect for roasting . 
 tim laughs and continues his stroll . 
 jack frowns . 
 tim but seriously ... no . 
 jack no ? 
 ok . 
 so , did that scar on your hand ever heal up ? 
 tim oh , not this again . 
 you 've milked this story dry of all its benefits ! 
 jack one last time , tim . 
 just one final ride on the memory express . 
 chooo ! 
 chooo ! 
 jack makes train noises while tugging an imaginary chain above his head . 
 dissolve to : int : highschool . 
 hallway . 
 1997 . 
 there is nobody in the hallway except for a group of boys , including jack and jerry tarmack . 
 they stand outside of a janitor 's closet between some lockers . 
 tarmack peeks his head into the closet . 
 cut to : int : janitor 's closet . 
 tim delicately balances himself on a stack of wooden crates and buckets . 
 he gazes through a vent in the wall . 
 jerry yo , tim . 
 your time is up . 
 it 's my turn . 
 tim no way , dude . 
 this was my discovery and i ai n't moving until i get the first shot . 
 oh shit , felicia johnson is about to take off her top ! 
 jerry shakes his head and closes the door . 
 tim stands on his tippy-toes and pulls himself up to see better . 
 suddenly , the boxes and buckets wobble beneath his weight and topple over . 
 tim shit ! 
 tim accidentally puts his arm through the vent as he avoids falling . 
 cut to : int : girl 's locker-room . 
 the girls casually change out of their gym clothing . 
 suddenly , a vent high up on one of the walls , pops out . 
 all the girls scream and panic as they see the vent bounce off of a locker onto the floor and an arm reach through the hole where the vent was . 
 cut to : int : hallway . 
 all the screaming echoes off the walls and tile floors . 
 jerry tries to open the closet door but it is wedged closed . 
 tarmack oh shit , it 's stuck ! 
 all the boys look at each other and run , except for jack . 
 he bangs on the door . 
 jack tim , open up ! 
 the door swings open and tim stumbles out . 
 his left hand is bleeding profusely . 
 within seconds , students pour out of the classrooms to see what the commotion is . 
 tim jams his bleeding hand into his pocket to hide it . 
 a few teachers , including the school principal , mr. jeffries , come running down the hall . 
 they all stare at tim and jack . 
 mr. jeffries what is going on here ? 
 a group of girls run down the hallway behind their gym teacher , mrs. ivy . 
 mrs. ivy i will tell you what 's going on here ! 
 those two perverts were spying on these girls in the locker-room . 
 mr. jeffries how is that possible ? 
 mrs. ivy throws the twisted vent down at the feet of tim and jack . 
 mr. jeffries tim hoffleday , i want an explanation , now ! 
 tim well , you see ... jack i was in their standing on some boxes looking in the girls ' locker-room . 
 i told tim about it and he came to stop me . 
 i fell , knocked out the vent , and got stuck under some boxes . 
 he pulled me from the rubble . 
 that 's it . 
 mrs. ivy barges past them into the closet . 
 mr. jeffries good for you , tim . 
 you always seem to be their in the clutch when people need you most ! 
 now , who are you , son ? 
 mrs. ivy comes out of the closet with a bottle of lotion and a roll of toilet paper . 
 mrs. ivy explain this ! 
 jack throws tim a dirty look . 
 tim blushes . 
 jack uhhhh . 
 mr. jeffries what 's your name , son ? 
 jack jack hoffleday . 
 a few students in the crowd snicker . 
 mrs. ivy you think that 's funny you little pervert ? 
 jack what ? 
 what 's funny ? 
 mrs. ivy jack off all day . 
 that 's real cute . 
 what 's your real name ? 
 jack that is my real name . 
 a few of the students behind the principal silently motion with their hands as if they are masturbating . 
 they point at jack and laugh . 
 jack shit . 
 dissolve to : ext : park . 
 tim stands with his shoulders slumped and his head hanging . 
 jack if anyone should be dubbed , mr. last minute , it should be me for coming through and saving your reputation and image at the expense my own . 
 tim i do n't get it , jack . 
 are you jealous ? 
 are you angry with me ? 
 jack no . 
 i am cursed . 
 the decision i made that day to stick up for you was the stupidest thing i have ever done . 
 tim are you sure about that ? 
 what about when you were seven and you ate those seamonkeys and you thought they were all swimming around inside you . 
 you were pretty flipped out then . 
 jack no , this was the stupidest . 
 seriously , tim , i became the butt of every puberty and masturbation joke imaginable . 
 no girl would date me , no club wanted me , and nobody even wanted to be associated with me . 
 three years of being called a loser and treated like a loser will make you become a loser ! 
 tim jack , you 're not a loser . 
 you just ... tim scratches his head . 
 tim -lrb- continuing -rrb- you just need to let go of your past if it is cursing you so much . 
 what you did for me that day was something i could never repay you for in words or favors . 
 and i am sorry if your life has been nothing but a downward spiral since then , but it is n't too late to begin again . 
 any idea where ? 
 after a few seconds go by jack throws up his hands . 
 jack i give up . 
 tim you need to start by being honest . 
 honest with yourself , and with everyone else . 
 no more lying . 
 no more just getting by . 
 no more scheming . 
 no more manipulating . 
 jack sounds like another job . 
 tim yeah , it will be , and probably the hardest one ever . 
 but i assure you that it will be worth it . 
 jack , you can be so clever , quick , and imaginative , yet you do nothing useful with it . 
 just push yourself to tell the truth and be sincere . 
 i think you will be surprised how much further it will get you than your sly craftiness . 
 i will meet you at home after i finish my stroll with sammie and we 'll go get the chest back . 
 ok ? 
 jack hell yeah ! 
 thanks , tim ! 
 do you mind if i start this whole `` honesty '' trip after i get the chest back ? 
 tim sure , i guess living a lie just one more day could n't hurt , right ? 
 jack gives tim a big bear hug and speeds off on the bicycle . 
 cut to : int : tim 's house . 
 jack sits at the kitchen table flipping through the phone book . 
 he picks up the phone and dials some numbers . 
 after a few rings , a voice answers on the other end . 
 caller # 1 -lrb- v. 0 . -rrb- 
 hello ? 
 jack howdy . 
 i am looking for a young lady named ashley meadows . 
 does she live at this residence ? 
 caller # 1 no , wrong number . 
 sorry . 
 jack hangs up and slides his finger down to the second of the thirty names on the page . 
 jack dials again . 
 cut to : int : meadow 's house . 
 reverend wendall meadows sits at his desk doing paperwork . 
 a crucifix dangles around his neck . 
 he delicately signs his name on the dotted line of a form . 
 insert : form reverand wendall meadows back to scene britney strolls in and sits down . 
 britney hey , daddy . 
 tonight i am going to the mary-cay beautician meeting . 
 and then i am going out with a few of the girls to eat and see a late movie . 
 i will be home at about 2 or 3 . 
 wendall ok , my little angel . 
 your mother and i are going down to the church tonight , for a little while , to help prepare for the garage sale this weekend . 
 maybe we can meet you for dinner ? 
 britney uhhhh , well , i do n't know . 
 we still have n't decided where we 're eating . 
 we might grab fast food if out movie starts sooner than we think . 
 wendall no problem . 
 i thought that maybe , for once , we could spend a saturday night with our little winner . 
 but hey , enjoy your celebration . 
 he gives her a hug . 
 britney thanks , daddy . 
 she takes a deep breath and feels her heartbeat as she hurries out of the room . 
 the phone rings . 
 wendall reaches over and answers it . 
 wendall this is the reverend wendall meadows . 
 jack -lrb- v. 0 . -rrb- 
 good afternoon , i am trying to reach ... did you say `` reverend ? '' 
 wendall yes . 
 whom am i speaking with ? 
 jack well , reverend , this is ... doctor hoffleday . 
 i am trying to reach ashley meadows . 
 wendall well , ashley is my daughter , doctor . 
 might i ask what this is regarding ? 
 jack i am just trying to get a hold of her . 
 do you know how else i might be able to contact her ? 
 my business with her is strictly confidential so i am really not at liberty to discuss it with anybody but her . 
 wendall well , i believe i reserve the right to know any information you might have for my daughter , as i am her primary caretaker . 
 jack hmmmm -lrb- pause -rrb- . 
 i will be honest , reverend , i never would have proceeded with my tests with her had i known her own dad was a practicing holy man . 
 wendall what ever are you talking about ? 
 what tests ? 
 is she ok ? 
 jack she is very healthy . 
 in fact , that is why she was chosen among our scientists here at the facility . 
 wendall scientists ? 
 facility ? 
 please give me all the facts , doctor . 
 jack ok , but i ask that you refrain from speaking to her about this until ... tomorrow . 
 wendall very well . 
 please proceed . 
 jack please bear with me as i expound unto you what she has been helping us with . 
 ashley has been ... father meadows rubs the crucifix around his neck as he gasps in horror . 
 cut to : int : tim 's house . 
 jack hangs up the phone and staggers into tim 's room . 
 cut to : int : bedroom . 
 tim is drawing at his desk as jack drops down on the bed . 
 jack alright , i did some investigating and i found her home number in the phone book , and an address . 
 i also found out that her father is a reverend , but he would n't cough up any other means for me to get a hold of her . 
 tim great . 
 so after all the women in our family kill you , you 'll go to hell . 
 drop me a postcard ! 
 jack funny . 
 what if i just wait outside her house for her ? 
 no , then i would just look like a stalker . 
 or what if i ... no , that wo n't work either . 
 i am missing something i know it . 
 tim did n't you say she worked for a cosmetic company ? 
 jack quickly rebounds off the bed and dashes out of the room . 
 cut to : int : office . 
 inside a cubicle sits janice harold . 
 her makeup is on very heavy . 
 she wears a headset and types on a keyboard . 
 on her desk is a big colorful salad . 
 janice and thank you for calling mary-cay cosmetics . 
 have a nice day , ma'am . 
 she pokes a button on the phone and then shoves a fork full of leafy greens in to her mouth . 
 the telephone rings . 
 janice pokes the phone with her extra long painted fingernail . 
 janice thank you for calling mary cay cosmetics , this is janice . 
 are you interested in hearing about how you can receive some free avocado-kiwi moisturizer , today ? 
 jack -lrb- v. 0 . -rrb- 
 does it taste like avocado and kiwi ? 
 janice no , sir . 
 none of our products are edible . 
 jack not even safe to lick ? 
 sometimes i like to lick my wife in wonderful places when she smells like a tropical fruit and vegetable medley . 
 it 's almost like she 's bathed herself in v-8 . 
 i do n't know what it is about us and vegetables because we are serious carnivores . 
 she really loves it when i bring home a bag of cucumbers and ... janice -lrb- interrupting -rrb- ok , sir . 
 is there something i can help you with , today ? 
 jack yes , there is . 
 i am trying to locate a certain one of your cosmetic girls . 
 she recently sold us some of your fine products and we would like to purchase more , but i have lost her number . 
 janice very well , what is her name ? 
 jack ashley meadows . 
 janice types on her computer . 
 janice that 's in clearwater , florida ? 
 jack yep . 
 janice i have a home telephone number , if that will work ? 
 jack what about a cell-phone number ? 
 janice no , sir . 
 just her home phone number . 
 oh wait , it does list here that there will be an open-door beautician meeting in her area this evening . 
 it looks as if it is mandatory . 
 you should be able to locate her there . 
 jack open-door ? 
 janice yes , that means it is for anyone who would like to attend . 
 anyone who is interested in becoming a beautician or getting a makeover or ... jack golden . 
 might you have a time and place for me , janice ? 
 janice yes . 
 doors open at eight for visitors and it is located at the clearwater school of cosmetology in the auxiliary room . 
 jack so will they have free samples for me and my wife to try out ? 
 janice yes , sir . 
 jack yummy . 
 i am just going to have to be extra careful that i do n't catch the sweet scent of anything papaya , mango , or potato . 
 because i might get a little hot and bothered and want to pull out my carrot . 
 janice you 're what ? 
 jack my carrot . 
 we labeled our special members after our favorite vegetables . 
 hers is like a ripe , pitted avocado on a warm summer ... janice -lrb- interrupting -rrb- is there anything else i can help you with , sir ? 
 jack no . 
 janice have a good day . 
 janice hangs up the phone as she glares at the carrots and avocado in her salad . 
 she pushes it into the trash . 
 cut to : int : jeep . 
 tim drives his jeep cherokee while jack adjusts the passenger seat . 
 tim that 's ridiculous . 
 it is fake blood . 
 jack no , it is n't . 
 they really bleed ! 
 tim they ca n't . 
 when magic johnson contracted hiv and decided to play basketball again , many of the other players came out and said they would not participate in any game with him for fear of him bleeding on them . 
 so for you to think that they slice themselves open with a small razor blade is absurd . 
 jack red is green , tim ! 
 blood sells tickets and makes money . 
 one day i will prove to you that they really cut themselves . 
 somehow . 
 someway . 
 mark my words ! 
 tim jack , even you must realize that it is fake ! 
 jack says nothing . 
 tim it is just entertainment . 
 nothing more than a choreographed performance of grown men wearing colorful leotards and tight underwear while taking turns headlocking , suplexing , and dropkicking each other . 
 all for an oversized gold belt buckle . 
 jack you have no appreciation for the art of professional wrestling . 
 i am done with this conversation . 
 tim fine with me . 
 tim and jack sit in complete silence for a couple minutes . 
 jack crosses his arms and pouts . 
 suddenly , jack bounces forward in his seat . 
 jack stop ! 
 watch out for the ducks ! 
 cut to : ext : street . 
 the jeep screeches to a stop . 
 two ducks waddle through the busy street . 
 jack hops out of the jeep and helps the ducks across . 
 a driver , named hank , stopped behind them in an old rusty pickup truck , yells at jack . 
 hank hey , you 're holding up traffic asshole ! 
 let 's move . 
 jack go on little duckies . 
 there we go , back to the pond . 
 the ducks waddle down a hill into a pond . 
 jack redirects his attention to the driver . 
 jack do you know what kind of birds those were ? 
 hank shakes his head like he does n't care . 
 jack no ? 
 well do you know what kind of bird this is ? 
 jack flips his middle finger off at hank . 
 hank climbs out of his truck to reveal that he is over six feet tall and built like a linebacker . 
 he lifts jack up off the ground by his collar . 
 cut to : int : jeep . 
 tim oh , shit . 
 tim looks around for a moment and reaches into the back seat and grabs hold of a can of kutter aerosol mosquito fogger . 
 he slides out of the jeep . 
 cut to : ext : street . 
 other drivers are yelling and honking their horns at the delay of traffic . 
 tim sneaks up behind hank . 
 hank you think you 're real cute , huh ? 
 why do n't you mouth off to me now ! 
 tim -lrb- 0.c . -rrb- 
 excuse me . 
 hank fuck off , buddy , this does n't concern you . 
 tim shakes up the can of mosquito fogger while hank chokes jack . 
 tim jack , can you breathe with him choking you ? 
 jack wildly taps out on hank 's shoulder while his tongue hangs out of his mouth and his eyes roll to the back of his head . 
 tim you must not watch the art of professional wrestling , because that means he gives up . 
 hank i said , fuck off ! 
 tim takes a deep breath and sprays the can of fogger until the air is completely clouded . 
 hank drops jack as he gasps for fresh air . 
 tim grabs jack and dashes to the jeep while hank staggers down the hill and tumbles into the pond . 
 cut to : int : jeep . 
 jack rubs his throat while tim drives . 
 jack what happened to you back there ? 
 you became another person . 
 in the blink of an eye you were like my knight in shining armor . 
 tim i could n't bear watching that guy choke you out , especially since you still owe me rent . 
 jack gives tim a dirty look . 
 tim what was with you ? 
 all that compassion and concern for another being beside yourself ? 
 jack , i did n't realize you had that kind of substance deep down . 
 it was a side of you that was mildly agreeable . 
 jack yeah , i guess i floor myself , sometimes . 
 a few seconds pass as tim processes jack 's statement . 
 tim -lrb- to himself -rrb- floor them ! 
 i can see it , now . 
 a mosquito is lying belly up , and above him it says , `` floor them ! '' 
 jack right . 
 tim you think it 's right ? 
 jack what ? 
 no , turn right . 
 tim oh . 
 tim steers the vehicle right , into a large parking lot . 
 they pass a sign for the cosmetology school . 
 insert : sign welcome to the clearwater school of cosmetology cut to : int : auxiliary room . 
 the doors are wide open and the room is crowded . 
 everything is mary-cay cosmetics . 
 women sit in chairs and receive makeovers while others sit through a small lecture on becoming beauticians . 
 ashley meadows sits at a table with a vast array of makeup , moisturizers , and nail polish arranged before her . 
 two other mary-cay beauticians gossip by the entrance . 
 beautician # 1 yeah , i heard she sold all 1500 dollars at one location . 
 and not only that , but she is the youngest beautician we have right now ! 
 i ca n't wait to meet her later and congratulate her on her trip to paris ! 
 beautician # 2 well , she deserves a trip to paris with that kind of commitment and talent . 
 she is a great example for us all ! 
 but she has n't won yet , there is still another hour until they announce her the winner . 
 beautician # 1 well , unless someone comes in here and purchases over 1500 dollars in products , she is the winner . 
 the two beauticians walk off as jack and tim enter the room . 
 jack oh man , who knew this place would be such a hot spot for chicks ! 
 tim let 's find your girl and get this over with . 
 do you see her ? 
 jack no , not yet . 
 let 's walk around . 
 they stroll around for a few moments until jack notices her . 
 jack their she is . 
 wait here while i handle this . 
 jack strolls up to the table where ashley sits . 
 jack hey there , how are you ? 
 remember me ? 
 ashley no . 
 jack earlier today you came to my garage sale and bought something from me . 
 yeah , i read the side of your car door . 
 it said , ashley meadows . 
 ashley looks past him while ignoring his small talk . 
 jack so , you been doing this long ? 
 ashley yeah . 
 you want to buy something or what ? 
 jack actually , i want to buy something back . 
 you see , i sold you a small white chest earlier today at a garage sale and it had something extremely valuable inside of it . 
 and i would like to refund you your money and request back my chest and its contents . 
 ashley no . 
 sorry . 
 jack listen , i will give you back your money and i will even buy a bottle of this stuff . 
 jack picks up a bottle of kiwi-avocado moisturizer . 
 ashley no . 
 but the moisturizer will be seven fifty . 
 jack fakes sincerity and honesty the best he can . 
 jack listen , i really need that chest back . 
 it was an honest mistake and i ask that you please return it . 
 it is a precious family heirloom . 
 ashley no . 
 and if you are n't going to buy anything then please leave because you 're blocking my display . 
 jack stares at her . 
 jack i must not be hearing you , because it sounds like you keep saying `` no , '' and that ... ashley -lrb- interrupting -rrb- fuck off , loser . 
 you are not getting that chest back . 
 jack stands completely stunned . 
 jack you swindled me out of ... ashley security ! 
 security ! 
 a security officer approaches them from across the room . 
 jack alright , there is no need for this . 
 what do you want ? 
 i will give you anything to have that chest back . 
 do you want me for an evening of unbridled passion ? 
 do you want money ? 
 do you ... ashley sits back in her chair and sighs while jack rambles on . 
 behind jack , britney enters the room . 
 dozens of women clap and cheer for her . 
 ashley notices and scowls . 
 ashley ok , can it . 
 you want your book back ? 
 jack nods . 
 ashley ok , then you have to purchase 1550 dollars worth of products from me right now . 
 jack are you fucking bankers ? 
 i do n't have that kind of money on me . 
 ashley well , here comes the security guard to throw your desperate ass out of here . 
 think faster . 
 the security guard steps up to the table . 
 guard is everything alright here ? 
 i thought i heard someone yelling . 
 jack grinds his teeth . 
 jack will you take a check ? 
 ashley smiles with victory . 
 cut to : int : auxiliary room . 
 a crowd of women surround britney as she tells a story . 
 britney and then i looked her in the eye and told her she needed the pomegranite-almond facial scrub . 
 but before she could reply i put a bottle of lavender-mint astringent in her hand . 
 her husband was breathless and all he could bare to do was sign the check as he ogled at my chest . 
 she thanked me endlessly for helping her feel beautiful again . 
 she later told me i might have saved her marriage ! 
 all the women applaud and congratulate her . 
 britney bows and blows kisses . 
 ashley strides towards britney and barges through the crowd . 
 ashley hey , britney . 
 here are the keys to the car . 
 try to have fun in ybor city tonight . 
 britney sees her sister and rolls her eyes . 
 she snatches the keys . 
 britney hey ash , this is the winners circle , i believe the pity party is on the other side of the room . 
 ashley hey , why do n't you stop stroking your ego for a moment and look at this . 
 ashley hands britney a check . 
 britney looks at briefly and then does a double take . 
 she gawks at the check . 
 britney fifteen hundred and sixty dollars ! 
 doctor tim hoffleday . 
 what is this , some kind of joke ? 
 ashley snatches the check back . 
 ashley no . 
 this doctor just purchased everything i had . 
 ashley turns to walk away but spins back around . 
 ashley by the way , can i borrow your suitcase after you empty it ? 
 britney faints . 
 ashley bon voyage ! 
 cut to : ext : auxiliary room . 
 jack and tim stand by the doors as people pour out of the building . 
 tim why did you want me to give you a check for sixty bucks ? 
 did n't you just make some money this morning from grandma ? 
 jack yeah , but i left the money at her house . 
 tim so when do we get the book back ? 
 jack well , she said she would meet us out here at ten . 
 she has it in the front seat of her car . 
 tim good . 
 i can be home by ten-thirty and hard at work on my kutter account by eleven . 
 britney barges out the doors sobbing . 
 she climbs into ashley 's yellow volkswagon beetle and peels out of the parking lot . 
 jack watches the whole thing curiously . 
 jack hmm , that 's strange . 
 the two beauticians exit the building and gossip as they walk by tim and jack . 
 beautician # 1 that is amazing . 
 fifteen hundred and sixty dollars in one sale . 
 and at the last minute , too ! 
 beautician # 2 i know , is n't that exciting ! 
 and she said it was from a doctor . 
 the beauticians move on . 
 ashley exits the building surrounded by women . 
 they all shake her hand and congratulate her . 
 ashley thank you , everyone , for your gratitude . 
 i will take lots of pictures while i am in paris and show you all when i get back . 
 they all break apart as ashley walks to the parking lot . 
 jack and tim follow . 
 jack ashley . 
 hey , ashley . 
 she turns and sees him . 
 ashley oh yeah , you . 
 follow me . 
 she walks towards her sister 's old , beat up pinto . 
 it has a magnetic sign on the side . 
 insert : sign mary-cay beautician : britney meadows back to scene ashley oh , darn . 
 i made a mistake . 
 jack what do you mean ? 
 ashley i do n't have the book . 
 my sister does . 
 she borrowed my car and it is on the front seat . 
 you 'll just have to get later , sorry . 
 jack there is no later . 
 i need it now . 
 where did your sister go ? 
 ashley listen , you do n't want to bother her right now . 
 she is extremely volatile ! 
 call me on friday when i get back from my trip and i will let you come get it . 
 jack friday is no good . 
 i need it now . 
 where 'd she go ? 
 ashley she went to club maxim in ybor city to drink and dance away her problems , just like any teenage girl with big boobs and a little brain does . 
 if you want it that bad , it 's you funeral ! 
 have fun . 
 i have some packing to do . 
 tim that 's it ? 
 ashley oh wow , the doctor speaks ! 
 yeah , that 's it . 
 ashley gets in the car and leaves . 
 tim why 'd she call me `` the doctor ? '' 
 jack i do n't know , that 's just weird , huh ? 
 so , off to ybor we go ? 
 tim we ? 
 jack yep . 
 come on , tim . 
 it wo n't hurt you to unwind for once . 
 you work too much . 
 you need to live a little . 
 tim twice in a day 's time . 
 am i really that uptight ? 
 jack you 've been an uptight weenie since your senior year . 
 do you mind if we drop by the house real quick so i can clean up ? 
 int : jeep . 
 tim drives on interstate 275 to ybor city . 
 they pass a traffic sign . 
 insert : traffic sign next right : ybor city , historic district . 
 back to scene jack wears a plaid kilt and continues to adjust the seat . 
 jack thanks for dropping by the house really quick . 
 tim if you had told me it was so you could put on that ridiculous kilt i never would have wasted the time . 
 jack hey , we are going to ybor . 
 i have to get a little dressed up . 
 besides , it was n't all that much of a waste of time . 
 sammie could have relieved himself on your new couch . 
 tim nods his head and agrees . 
 jack you know what ? 
 in the midst of all this excitement , today , i do n't think i got a chance to tell you the name of my new band . 
 tim how unfortunate . 
 jack dude , this is awesome . 
 me and the bob brothers are ... tim -lrb- interrupting -rrb- any sentence that starts with `` me and the bob brothers '' is like a double negative , jack . 
 it is bound not to make sense . 
 similar to a grown man wearing a skirt . 
 jack you finished ? 
 the name of our band is ... tim -lrb- interrupting -rrb- jack , you do n't even own an instrument . 
 jack hello , i 'm the lead singer . 
 tim the lead singer ? 
 and what is the name of this band you will be singing for ? 
 jack the unortho-dachsunds . 
 get it ? 
 i took two words like unorthodox and dachsund and i combined them to ... tim yeah , yeah , yeah , i get it . 
 welcome to ybor , jack . 
 you should fit right in ! 
 cut to : ext : parking lot . 
 tim tries to maneuver the jeep into a parking spot but a couple of drunk college kids stand in the spot making-out . 
 tim honks the horn and flashes his brights . 
 they stumble off . 
 cut to : ext : ybor city . 
 it is six long blocks of clubs and bars on both sides of the street . 
 it is like a miniature mardi gras . 
 tim and jack push their way through crowds of partying pedestrians . 
 music blares from each nightclub as they walk by . 
 tim i hate ybor . 
 it 's like one big party and the only people who were sent invitations were circus performers , amateur porn-stars , and methadone clinic escapees . 
 jack does a different dance past each nightclub as each plays it 's own style of music . 
 jack woooooooo ! 
 i love ybor city ! 
 tim let 's get this chest and get home . 
 i have stuff to do . 
 they head towards club maxim . 
 cut to : ext : club maxim . 
 a line of people winds out the door . 
 tim and jack get at the end of the line . 
 tim you stand in line while i go see if i can get us into the club . 
 tarmack 's brother bounces at a couple of these places . 
 jack nods to his brother , even though he is completely distracted by a tall , blond-haired woman standing before him in line . 
 her name is tonya and she is in a plaid skirt and a white top . 
 jack intentionally bumps her . 
 jack oops , pardon me , gorgeous . 
 the woman turns around to reveal that she is a transvestite . 
 jack is oblivious . 
 jack wow , you 're like a really big catholic schoolgirl . 
 so , what 's your name ? 
 tonya tonya . 
 i like your skirt . 
 jack thank you , but it is actually a kilt . 
 kind of like a skirt , but made for a man . 
 i guess i can say that i am a man who 's not afraid to be in touch with his feminine side . 
 tonya me too . 
 tonya winks at jack . 
 he blushes and produces a smile from ear to ear . 
 tim strolls up to them . 
 tim alright , it 's a go . 
 follow me . 
 jack tim , meet tonya . 
 tim notices her and practically gasps in horror . 
 tim eeeerrrgh , nice to meet you ... tonya . 
 he gives his brother a puzzled look . 
 jack returns the look with an excited smile . 
 tim we have to go . 
 now ! 
 jack waves to tonya as tim drags him away . 
 cut to : int : club maxim . 
 colored lights bathe the hundreds of people as they sway and dance to the music in the middle of the club . 
 pub tables and bar-stools separate the bar from the dance floor . 
 nineteen-year-old joey boon sits at one of the pub tables by himself . 
 he guards four purses . 
 jack and tim push by behind him . 
 tim how in the hell are we going to find her in here ? 
 jack i do n't ... their she is ! 
 jack points . 
 britney dances in ways that are provocative in order to tease and taunt the six men dancing around her . 
 she periodically makes-out with every other guy . 
 tim wow , that was quick . 
 jack sure was . 
 so what do we do now ? 
 do i just go ask her ? 
 tim i do n't see why not . 
 maybe you 'll also get a nice sloppy kiss and some puss filled zits around your mouth first thing tomorrow morning . 
 jack shrugs and muscles his way onto the dance floor . 
 he slowly works his way into the huddle of men around britney . 
 just as soon as he starts dancing with her , the song changes and she staggers off the dance floor . 
 joey blushes as soon as she sits down at the table with him . 
 jack slides off the dance floor back to tim . 
 jack dude , i had her ! 
 tim look . 
 they both watch britney . 
 she takes a long chug of joey 's bottled water . 
 she mutters a few words to him and leans back to tease him with her cleavage . 
 he fumbles through his pocket and gives her some money . 
 she snatches the money from him and trots off to the bar . 
 jack we have to get her car keys out of her purse . 
 tim which purse ? 
 jack i will distract the nerd . 
 you get the keys . 
 jack strolls by joey and bumps him . 
 his glasses flip off his head and bounce onto the floor . 
 he crawls around trying to find them . 
 jack sweeps them up . 
 joey looks up and squints his eyes really hard to focus on jack . 
 with his blurred vision , he sees a thick figure in a plaid skirt and white shirt with shaggy hair . 
 jack stands like a dainty female with his knees bent and his back arched . 
 jack -lrb- feminine -rrb- did you drop these , sweetheart ? 
 tim swipes the purses and makes for the bathroom . 
 joey staggers to his feet and rubs his eyes . 
 he squints and strains to see jack as he desperately reaches out for his glasses . 
 jack drops them on the table and disappears into a crowd . 
 joey slides his glasses on and looks around . 
 joey where 'd she go ? 
 she was more beautiful than an angel ! 
 cut to : int : bathroom . 
 tim leans against the wall in a bathroom stall . 
 he rummages through one of the purses . 
 jack scurries in . 
 jack tim ? 
 tim raises his arm up for jack to see . 
 jack squeezes into the stall with him . 
 jack wow , i think you are in deeper than you wanted , tim . 
 first , you fogged that guy with bug poison and then you stole four purses . 
 assault and petty theft all for me ! 
 dude , you are the best brother a brother could have ! 
 tim yeah , pay me your share of the rent for once and we 'll call it even . 
 jack that just cut me deep . 
 tim continues to rummage through the purses . 
 tim alright , i got some gum , lip stick , some more lipstick , a hair brush and ... ewwww , something sticky on my fingers ! 
 tim wipes his hand on some toilet paper . 
 jack continues to dig in the purses . 
 jack keys . 
 we just need the keys . 
 jack pulls three sets of keys from the four purses . 
 tim how do you know which set is the one you need ? 
 jack fondles a set of keys in his hand . 
 it has a few different key chains . 
 one of the key chains on the set is a yellow plastic replica of the volkswagen insignia , v and w. another key chain is a small acrylic picture with some writing . 
 insert : keychain part time beauty queen , full time bitch ! 
 back to scene jack trust me . 
 these are them . 
 let 's get these other ones back on the table . 
 tim once again , my little brother decides to do something somewhat honest . 
 the old you probably would have just thrown all those keys away . 
 jack it 's still the old me you 're talking with , dude . 
 i have until tomorrow , remember ? 
 jack smiles as he repeatedly dips all the purses into the toilet like a handful of tea bags into an oversized porcelain coffee cup . 
 cut to : int : club maxim . 
 joey sits at the table daydreaming . 
 tim walks by and bumps into him . 
 once again , joey 's glasses pop off his head and slide onto the floor . 
 tim sorry . 
 jack drops the purses back onto the table and leaves the club with tim . 
 joey claws at the ground trying to find his glasses . 
 someone helps him up and puts the glasses on his face for him . 
 joey focuses his eyes to see tonya . 
 joey blushes as she winks at him . 
 joey my angel . 
 cut to : ext : street . 
 tim and jack push through the crowd once again . 
 tim that was beautiful , jack . 
 sometimes i do n't understand why you do n't use that scheming , manipulative brain of yours to do something productive and meaningful . 
 jack you should talk . 
 i feel like i have been hanging out with the old tim all day . 
 mr. last minute , quick thinking , by the seam of his pants , tim . 
 tim stops for a moment and smiles to himself . 
 jack to the parking lot . 
 let 's get the chest . 
 they make their way through the herds and swarms of partying people . 
 cut to : ext : ybor city . 
 street . 
 frank leans against a streetlight smoking a cigarette . 
 he has a giant , red bump on his head . 
 cindy and vanessa stagger out of the nightclub behind him with bobby . 
 bobby drinks a bottle of beer and offers some to frank . 
 bobby hey frank , want a swig ? 
 frank rubs the bump on his head as they all laugh . 
 frank takes a drag from his cigarette and looks out at all the people . 
 he notices jack in the crowd . 
 he plucks the cigarette out of his mouth and flicks it . 
 he grabs bobby and points . 
 frank ai n't that the fucker who done us dirty at the beach ? 
 bobby 's face lights up . 
 bobby holy fuckin ' hell . 
 let 's get him ! 
 bobby barges into the crowd after jack . 
 frank turns around to the girls . 
 frank let 's go , girls . 
 bobby has a fish to fry ! 
 the girls nod in a drunken stupor and follow frank into the crowd . 
 cut to : int : meadow 's house . 
 reverend wendall meadows sits on the couch with his wife , susan . 
 they hold each other . 
 ashley comes in the front door . 
 her arms are full of stuff , including her purse , bookbag , and the check from jack . 
 ashley oh , i am so glad to be home . 
 is britney home yet because ... she sets most of her stuff on the table to notice her parents in a distressed mood . 
 ashley hey , what 's the matter ? 
 wendall ashley , your step-mother and i would like some answers . 
 ashley about what ? 
 wendall about a certain doctor hoffleday and the arrangement you have with him . 
 ashley wow , you already know ? 
 is n't it exciting ! 
 britney must have told you the great news then . 
 i thought that maybe she would be too upset to want to talk about it . 
 wendall exciting ? 
 do you think that this is some kind of game ? 
 ashley no . 
 it was more of a contest . 
 wendall a contest ? 
 ashley yeah . 
 i wanted that trip to paris so bad i was willing to do almost anything to get it and i did ! 
 i sold all my ... wendall that 's enough ! 
 no more of this ! 
 ashley enough of what ? 
 i do n't understand what 's wrong ? 
 wendall what 's wrong ? 
 selling your soul and lying to us about it for so long ! 
 that 's what you did wrong , young lady . 
 ashley what ? 
 i do n't understand ? 
 all i did was sell this doctor a bunch of ... wendall enough ! 
 i am disgusted with you ! 
 how can you live with yourself ? 
 what you have been doing is a crime in the eyes of me and the entire church and the lord ! 
 those eggs your body produces are for you and your future husband . 
 how dare you sell life and let those evil doctors and scientists harvest your eggs ! 
 it is ... ashley what ? 
 where did you hear this ? 
 wendall you come clean , young lady . 
 do n't think you can hide and lie anymore . 
 the doctor has already told me everything ashley the doctor ? 
 -lrb- pause -rrb- the doctor ! 
 ashley looks at the check in her hand and reads it more carefully . 
 insert : check doctor tim hoffleday back to scene wendall what is that ? 
 is that a check from him ? 
 he snatches the check out of her hand . 
 as he reads it , he boils over with rage . 
 wendall fifteen hundred and sixty dollars . 
 is that what your soul is worth ? 
 his eyes bug out of his head as he reads some more writing on the check . 
 wendall thanks for the eggs ! 
 his face turns beat red as he tears the check into confetti and throws it up in the air . 
 cut to : ext : street . 
 confetti falls down from the balconies above onto jack , tim and the crowd around them . 
 a beer bottle whizzes past jack 's head . 
 it hits a light post and shatters . 
 people scream , duck , and run . 
 jack turns to see frank , bobby and the girls hot on his tail . 
 jack oh shit ! 
 tim , tim ! 
 tim that is one of the reasons why i hate ybor . 
 it is full of lunatics throwing bottles . 
 jack i have an emergency , tim . 
 tim relax , the `` doctor '' is here ! 
 what did she mean by that anyways ? 
 jack remember how i told you about those guys i pissed off at the beach ? 
 tim be a little more specific . 
 you manage to piss off everyone , without exception . 
 another bottle hurdles by jack 's head . 
 tim i think that guy was aiming right for you , jack ! 
 jack well , he probably has good reason too . 
 it is going to be a good idea for us to split up . 
 you get the chest and i will meet you by the car after i shake these guys . 
 tim you know what , i do n't want to know . 
 just be at the car . 
 go ! 
 they split up . 
 tim stops after about twenty feet to yell at his brother . 
 tim what kind of car am i looking for ? 
 jack looks at tim and gives him two thumbs up . 
 tim shakes his head and keeps moving . 
 bobby and his gang continue to pursue jack . 
 jack squeezes into a club without a line of people waiting to get in . 
 it is called , the afterglow . 
 a poster outside the club advertises the evening entertainment . 
 insert : poster lesbian coleslaw wrestling , tonight ! 
 no cover charge . 
 cut to : int : the afterglow . 
 a hundred people stand around an inflated swimming pool full of coleslaw . 
 two pretty females in bikinis stand in the middle of the pool with the referee and disc jockey , dj assmaster . 
 dj assmaster gets the crowd hyped up for the event . 
 dj that 's right , people ! 
 who is ready to tangle with these two hot bitches ? 
 everyone laughs and cheers . 
 dj this is dj assmaster coming at you all tonight at ybor 's hottest nightclub , the afterglow ! 
 we are looking for a special gentleman this evening who can handle this extreme level of excitement . 
 a gentleman who probably will never have the chance to get wet and sloppy with two beautiful women at once in his entire sorry ass life ! 
 people laugh and clap some more . 
 jack enters the club and pushes through the crowd . 
 he pays attention only to who might be following him . 
 dj i need a volunteer ! 
 who out their has the balls to walk out of here empty handed with an ass full of coleslaw or , win a free bar tab for the remainder of the evening for him and his friends ! 
 not that anyone will want to hang with his stank ass anyways 'cause he will be reeking like spoiled coleslaw ! 
 now that i have made it clear , do i have a volunteer ? 
 bobby and his gang barge into the club . 
 jack sees them and shoves himself further into the crowd to escape . 
 he steps on some big guy 's foot . 
 the guy curses at jack and shoves him . 
 jack topples over the edge of the pool and into the coleslaw . 
 everyone cheers and applauds . 
 dj yeah , baby ! 
 we got our first victim . 
 let 's get it on ! 
 the two girls approach jack . 
 dj wait , wait , wait ! 
 i forgot to tell you all that this first match is only a warm-up . 
 and our bikini-clad lesbians are far too hot for a warm-up . 
 so , to help our first victim warm-up , let 's bring in the warm-up lesbians ! 
 the people in the crowd separate as a spotlight pans over them . 
 the light stops at the edge of the crowd down onto two , giant , manly lesbians in cut-off denim shorts and flannels . 
 they stride towards the pool and climb in . 
 jack staggers to his feet only to be picked up by one of the women and bodyslammed . 
 quickly cut to : int : crazy harry 's sportsclub . 
 rowdy roddie piper bodyslams an unknown wrestler onto the wrestling mat . 
 while wearing his infamous signature kilt , he steps on the other wrestler 's chest and flexes . 
 the crowd cheers and applauds for him . 
 the bob-brothers are in the front row going crazy for piper . 
 a kid beside them holds a home-made poster . 
 insert : poster `` he 's tough so you do n't have to be ! '' 
 back to scene joe-bob get him , piper ! 
 jim-bob i wish jack could be here . 
 a vendor walks down the aisle with a tray full of snacks . 
 vendor popcorn ! 
 peanuts ! 
 quickly cut to : int : the afterglow . 
 frank coleslaw ! 
 frank , bobby and the girls watch the coleslaw wrestling . 
 they are unaware that it is jack getting beat up by the lesbians . 
 frank who 'd want to wrestle in coleslaw ? 
 bobby nevermind that . 
 let 's find that ass-clown ! 
 they inch their way through the crowd looking for jack . 
 frank still stares at the wrestling . 
 frank hey , i think that 's him ! 
 that clever sonofa quickly cut to : ext : interstate 275 . 
 beeeeeeeep ! 
 ashley slams on the horn of the rusty old pinto . 
 she leans out the window . 
 ashley get out of my way ! 
 i have a doctor to kill ! 
 she madly weaves in and out of traffic . 
 she passes a sign . 
 insert : sign next right : ybor city , historic district : back to scene traffic is at a dead stop as she speeds down the off-ramp . 
 her cellular phone rings . 
 she digs it out of her purse . 
 ashley i told you i did n't do it , susan ! 
 susan -lrb- v.o. -rrb- ashley , honey , please come home . 
 your father overreacted and he is sorry . 
 you do n't need to go storming off like this . 
 ashley you do n't understand ! 
 we 've both been tricked and lied to by this `` doctor '' . 
 susan even if we have been lied to , where could you be running off to at this moment that could right this situation ? 
 you should be at home with your family . 
 i will call britney and we will spend the rest of the night together as a family , ok ? 
 ashley you 're not my family and neither is britney . 
 things were fine until you two came into our lives ! 
 susan ashley , now you 're being impulsive and overreacting . 
 ashley closes the phone and throws it at the floor . 
 traffic is still at a stop . 
 she drives onto the shoulder of the road and passes everyone . 
 she makes a sharp right turn and cuts into traffic . 
 a few more cars honk at her as she blows by them and a yellow traffic sign . 
 insert : traffic sign ped-xing . 
 a stick figure crosses the street . 
 quickly cut to : ext : street . 
 tim bounds across the street and dodges a few cars . 
 he climbs a grassy knoll to a parking lot . 
 ext : parking lot . 
 tim scrambles through the gravel and weeds . 
 he stops to press all the buttons on the alarm remote . 
 nothing . 
 tim it has to be here somewhere . 
 he looks more closely at the keys in his hand to notice the yellow vw key chain . 
 tim i guess that could be a clue . 
 a yellow volkswagon . 
 he continues to dart through the parking lot looking for the car . 
 a police officer on a bicycle follows tim . 
 the officer catches up to him . 
 officer everything alright , buddy ? 
 tim yeah , everything is fine . 
 i am just a little short-winded and lost . 
 officer what are you looking for ? 
 quickly cut to : int : club maxim . 
 britney my keys ! 
 joey stands like a scolded dog with his tail between his legs . 
 britney where are they , joey ? 
 i left them in my purse . 
 and why is my purse soaking wet ? 
 three other girls stand beside britney . 
 they are maureen , connie , and becka . 
 maureen digs through her purse and pulls out a set of keys . 
 maureen why are your keys in my purse , becka ? 
 becka digs through her purse and pulls out a set of keys . 
 becka hey , are n't these keys yours , connie ? 
 the two girls exchange keys . 
 they each give joey a piercing stare . 
 connie and you swear that you did n't take your eyes off them ? 
 joey remains silent . 
 britney all we ask you to do is to watch the purses while we dance , you dweeb . 
 how could you have let this happen ? 
 it 's like someone stole the purses , mixed everything inside them up and then ... dropped them in the fucking toilet ! 
 the other girls simultaneously drop their purses in disgust . 
 britney and now my keys are missing and my whole evening is ruined . 
 thanks , joey . 
 joey still stands motionless . 
 britney throws her hands up . 
 britney you have nothing to say ? 
 forget it ! 
 all four girls walk away from joey . 
 maureen hey brit , does n't ashley still keep a spare key hidden underneath her car ? 
 britney yeah . 
 but i needed to see someone else feel like shit after the day that i 've had . 
 becka so where are we going now ? 
 britney i am going home . 
 i am just not in the mood to shake my ass anymore . 
 maureen are you sure you 're ok to drive ? 
 you 've had like four kamikazes . 
 britney i had six , and i 'm fine . 
 besides , i have my ways of getting out of tickets . 
 britney purses her lips and puts on some lip balm . 
 they all giggle . 
 she waves to her friends and heads towards the exit . 
 becka congratulate your sister on her win for us , britney ! 
 maureen elbows becka . 
 maureen why 'd you say that , you bimbo ? 
 britney scowls and wrings her purse in her hands like a wet towel as she leaves . 
 britney -lrb- to herself -rrb- do n't worry , i will congratulate ashley . 
 when she 's sleeping tonight , i am going to squeeze my hands around her ... quickly cut to : int : the afterglow . 
 jack balls ! 
 those were my balls ! 
 jack clutches his groin and drops to his knees in coleslaw . 
 one of the lesbians uppercuts him in the chin . 
 he flops onto his back . 
 coleslaw spatters everywhere . 
 the crowd cheers and laughs . 
 frank pushes his way to the pool and gets in . 
 he grabs jack and pulls him to the edge . 
 frank i got you now , fucker ! 
 bobby and the girls head towards frank . 
 bobby do n't let 'em go , frank ! 
 the lesbians approach frank . 
 dj uh , oh . 
 it looks like we have another contestant for our lesbian coleslaw wrestlers ! 
 get him girls ! 
 one of the lesbians kicks frank from behind while he kneels on top of jack . 
 frank lunges forward onto his chest in coleslaw . 
 both lesbians step over jack and inflict pain on frank . 
 vanessa get in there and help him , bobby . 
 bobby hesitates . 
 cindy you 're not scared are you ? 
 bobby snorts and climbs into the pool . 
 he spins one of the lesbians around and throws a wild punch . 
 he misses as she ducks and uppercuts him in his groin . 
 bobby keels over onto his side just in time to catch an elbow drop from the lesbian . 
 jack crawls out of the pool and through the crowd like a slug . 
 he leaves a white , creamy trail of coleslaw . 
 he exits through a side door . 
 cindy there he goes , we 'll get him . 
 vanessa and cindy follow jack . 
 meanwhile , frank is contorted into a pretzel by one of the lesbians . 
 he smacks his hand into the coleslaw repeatedly as he taps out . 
 quickly cut to : int : crazy harry 's sportsclub . 
 the bell rings . 
 ding ! 
 ding ! 
 ding ! 
 the unknown wrestler screams in pain as he taps out . 
 rowdy roddie piper hovers over him and bends his leg via a painful submission move . 
 piper drops him and throws up his arms . 
 the crowd cheers . 
 jim-bob i love you , piper ! 
 you 're my hero ! 
 piper stands on the turnbuckle and points and waves to people in the crowd . 
 fans cheer and take pictures of him . 
 cameras flash brightly . 
 quickly cut to : ext : parking lot . 
 the brights on the pinto flash a few times to reveal a teenage couple making-out in the parking spot . 
 they scurry away as ashley steers the car in . 
 ashley i hate ybor city . 
 she climbs out of the car only to step in a wad of white bubble - gum . 
 she takes a few steps and stretches it out into a stringy mess . 
 ashley ehhhrrrg ! 
 she steps up to the curb of the parking lot and scrapes her shoe on it . 
 in the distance , a car alarm begins to whine . 
 ashley stupid brats chewing stupid gum in stupid ybor ... that sounds like my car 's alarm ! 
 she gazes down the hill into the lower parking lot to see tim dancing around the yellow volkswagen beetle . 
 the headlights blink in unison with the rhythm of the alarm . 
 tim unlocks the car and dives in to search for the chest . 
 ashley takes off running down the hill in complete haste . 
 quickly cut to : int : volkswagen beetle . 
 through the windshield of the car , ashley can be seen running down the hill . 
 she trips and takes a series of painful tumbles the remainder of the way down through some tall weeds , gravel , and over a wooden log . 
 she staggers to her feet and limps towards tim . 
 tim 's feet dangle out the driver side door as he digs through various mary-cay cosmetic brochures , samples , and small empty boxes on the passenger side floor . 
 he retrieves the chest . 
 tim i got you ! 
 ashley -lrb- v. 0 . -rrb- 
 no , asshole ! 
 i got you ! 
 ashley grabs his ankles and tries pulling him out of the car . 
 tim grasps onto the passenger seat as he looks up at ashley . 
 her face is scratched up and she has dirt and twigs in her frazzled hair . 
 her lipstick is smeared across the mascara running down her cheeks . 
 tim gasps in horror . 
 he reaches down and grabs a bottle of lotion . 
 he aims it at her and squeezes . 
 white lotion bursts out of the bottle all over her face . 
 quickly cut to : ext : alley . 
 jack wipes white , creamy , chunky coleslaw off of his face as he leans against a wall . 
 in a daze , he stumbles out of the alley into the back streets of ybor . 
 cindy and vanessa bound into the alley from the club just in time to see jack turn the corner . 
 cindy there he is ! 
 go get the boys while i keep an eye on this son of a - quickly cut to : ext : street . 
 britney bitch ! 
 britney stares at the volkswagen beetle from a distance . 
 she sees ashley leaning against the car door wiping her face . 
 britney cracks her knuckles as she marches towards the car . 
 britney you have some nerve coming here ! 
 quickly cut to : int : the afterglow . 
 dj tempers are flaring here tonight , folks ! 
 what originally started out as wholesome , fun-for-the-whole-family lesbian coleslaw wrestling has escalated into an all-out brawl between a couple of mutant lesbians and some angry rednecks . 
 the crowd laughs and cheers as frank and bobby are thrown from the pool by the lesbians . 
 they both land at the feet of vanessa . 
 she shakes her head at them in dismay . 
 vanessa that clown is getting away while you two are in here playing around . 
 yuck ! 
 you idiots just got coleslaw on my brand new ... quickly cut to : int : crazy harry 's sportsclub . 
 locker room . 
 piper skirt ? 
 did you just call it a skirt ? 
 it 's a kilt ! 
 rowdy roddie piper packs his bag as crazy harry writes him a check . 
 crazy harry is a short indian man . 
 piper and if i ever saw anyone else wearing one with the same level of respect and courage for it as myself , i would welcome him as my brother with open arms , because he , too , would have to be a man of strength and honor , like rowdy roddie piper ! 
 piper poses with his chest out and his arms at his sides like a man of valor and distinction . 
 crazy harry i am sorry . 
 i did n't realize that there was so much prestige and moral excellence in the art of professional wrestling ! 
 you said a check was fine ? 
 piper breaks his pose and blows a snot-rocket on the floor . 
 piper no , i need some cash under the table if you can . 
 i got the irs on my back . 
 cut to : ext : parking lot . 
 piper walks through the parking lot swinging a motorcycle helmet . 
 he rubs his neck . 
 piper i am getting too old for this shit . 
 suddenly , tim runs by with the chest under his arm . 
 he slows down to look at piper . 
 ashley -lrb- 0.c . -rrb- 
 help ! 
 that man stole my purse ! 
 ashley stumbles after tim . 
 as she runs by , she gives piper a strange stare . 
 piper stands puzzled for a few moments until britney scurries by . 
 she stops and looks at piper . 
 britney are you wearing a skirt ? 
 fag ! 
 she darts after ashley chasing tim . 
 cut to : ext : parking lot . 
 jack picks at his butt as he staggers between cars . 
 he is still soaked in coleslaw . 
 jack how 'd it get so far up my ass ? 
 a few car lengths back , cindy secretly follows jack . 
 behind her , bobby , frank , and vanessa falter to catch up . 
 cut to : ext : parking lot . 
 jack arrives at the jeep and sprawls out on the hood . 
 he softly moans in pain as coleslaw drips down the grill and bumper . 
 tim -lrb- 0.c . -rrb- 
 get in ! 
 jack lifts his head to see tim sprinting his way . 
 tim get in , now ! 
 jack slides off the hood and crawls toward the passenger door . 
 he passes out before he can climb into the jeep . 
 fade out : fade in : ext : parking lot . 
 jack awakens to a few brisk slaps by frank . 
 bobby has tim 's head pressed in to the side of the jeep . 
 vanessa holds the white chest . 
 frank wake up , shit-head . 
 bobby yeah , i bet you did n't think you 'd see us again , did ya ? 
 we got you and their ai n't no escaping this time . 
 and we got your brother here , too . 
 ashley -lrb- o.c. -rrb- let it go . 
 they all look up to see ashley . 
 she is a disaster . 
 frank who the fuck are you , tammy faye baker ? 
 get lost , before we make you get lost . 
 ashley until i get that white chest i am not going anywhere ! 
 vanessa clutches the chest . 
 bobby nope . 
 my baby , vanessa , wants to keep it . 
 it belongs to her , now . 
 frank you heard the man . 
 now , do what 's good for you and get lost ! 
 ashley does n't move . 
 frank nods to cindy . 
 she steps up to ashley and pushes her . 
 cindy get lost , before i make you even uglier ! 
 she pushes ashley , again . 
 britney -lrb- o.c. -rrb- do n't you dare touch her ! 
 britney dashes past ashley , leaps , and smashes her fist into cindy 's nose . 
 cindy 's nose spatters snot and blood . 
 she drops to the ground and sobs . 
 britney screams at cindy . 
 britney nobody hurts my sister but me ! 
 frank drops jack and grabs britney . 
 jack slowly passes out , again . 
 fade out : fade in : seconds later . 
 jack awakes because tim is shaking him . 
 tim jack , wake up ! 
 you wo n't believe this ! 
 jack slowly sits up to see rowdy roddie piper hovering over him , choking bobby . 
 jack squints and rubs his eyes . 
 ashley put her down ! 
 frank i told you to get lost and you did n't . 
 so now my baby - girl is lying on the dirty streets of ybor covered in her own blood and snot ! 
 bobby , what do think i should do about this ? 
 silence . 
 frank bobby , do you hear me talking to you ? 
 frank turns around to see bobby being choked out by rowdy roddie piper . 
 frank who the fuck are you ? 
 frank throws britney down and marches towards piper . 
 frank drop him before i make you pay big time ! 
 piper drops the overweight , limp body of bobby onto jack as he strides towards frank . 
 jack fades back into unconsciousness fade out : fade in : seconds later . 
 jack awakens to a loud banging noise . 
 he crawls from beneath bobby to see piper ramming frank 's head into the hood of the jeep . 
 tim drags bobby off of jack and helps jack to his feet . 
 just as jack retrieves his balance and consciousness , ashley slugs him in the nose . 
 jack wobbles back and collapses . 
 he blinks a few times and once again , goes black . 
 fade out : fade in : seconds later . 
 jack 's eyes flutter open as he gasps for air . 
 he looks directly at britney 's plump boobs while she chokes him . 
 ashley wrestles britney off of him and drags her away by her hair . 
 tim lifts jack to his feet and shakes him . 
 jack produces a delirious smile on his bruised , slimy face . 
 piper separates ashley and britney . 
 piper now , what is the problem between you two ? 
 britney we 're sisters . 
 ashley you 're not my sister ! 
 britney ok , i mean step-sisters . 
 ashley you are n't any sister of mine , you shallow bitch . 
 britney what ? 
 why are you always hating on me ? 
 ashley because ... because you 're pretty and obnoxious ... and you do n't treat me and our parents with any respect . 
 they both stare at each other silently for a moment . 
 piper swats at a mosquito buzzing around his head . 
 britney our parents ? 
 all of a sudden my mom is your mom ? 
 i thought you did n't want us around ? 
 ashley i do n't . 
 but as long as my dad loves your mom and your stupid ass i have no choice but to love you as well , because i love my dad . 
 britney 's bottom lip quivers and her chin wrinkles as she begins to sob . 
 ashley hugs her . 
 piper swats at the pesky mosquito , again . 
 britney i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't realize i was being so selfish . 
 i just get so caught up in myself sometimes . 
 ashley it 's actually all the time . 
 but it 's ok , you ca n't help being this awesome when you 're related to me . 
 let 's go home . 
 piper hugs the sisters . 
 piper this is wonderful . 
 they push him off . 
 britney ewwwww , do n't touch us , fag . 
 ashley grabs the white chest . 
 tim no way , that belongs to us ! 
 i did n't sacrifice my first big account to come out here and go home empty handed . 
 piper big account ? 
 are you in marketing or something because i have this idea ... ashley -lrb- interrupting -rrb- too bad ! 
 your loser brother sold it to me , so it is mine ! 
 and after what he has put me through , i am not just handing it over to you . 
 jack staggers to his feet and mumbles like a drunk . 
 jack -lrb- delirious -rrb- hey , tim . 
 is that rowdy roddie piper ? 
 tim yes , jack , it is . 
 piper swats the mosquito . 
 splat ! 
 jack wooooooo ! 
 rowdy roddie piper . 
 he is tough so you do n't have to be ! 
 tim 's expression changes as if he just figured out the meaning of life . 
 he grabs piper by the shoulders . 
 tim mr. piper , if you help me get that chest , i promise you a prominent position in a growing company that only you are perfectly qualified for ! 
 jack that 's my brother , timmy , mr. last minute ! 
 tag-teaming with rowdy roddie piper to take down the evil mary-cay sisters ! 
 piper looks at him doubtfully for a moment and then glances over at ashley . 
 ashley do n't listen to him . 
 they are both a couple of liars ! 
 piper watches incoherent jack for a another moment . 
 piper nice kilt , jack ! 
 nice kilt . 
 jack throws him two thumbs up and a bloody , toothy grin . 
 jack hey mr. piper , do you cut yourself and bleed ? 
 piper what ? 
 tim not now , jack . 
 not now . 
 fade out : fade in : ext : may 's house . 
 backyard . 
 the green grass is freshly mowed and covered with folding chairs . 
 the warm afternoon sun bathes a group of children as they chase sammie through the garden . 
 parents , sisters , brothers , aunts , uncles , and cousins mingle and hug . 
 may sits proudly in the middle of her family 's reunion . 
 the white chest sits atop a pedestal adorned with doilies and shiny ribbon in the midst of two long tables lined with platters of sliced fruit , cold cuts , and snacks . 
 a few bottles of kutter brand mosquito repellant sit beside the pedestal . 
 seven children are piled in a heap . 
 they laugh and scream as jack erupts from the middle of the pile and tosses them around one by one . 
 he flexes and points at each of them ! 
 jack ha ha ! 
 you ca n't keep me down you little fuckers ... farts , you little farts ! 
 a few adults stand and watch . 
 they nod in disapproval as they retrieve their children from jack 's influence . 
 tim watches his brother with an enormous smirk . 
 tim i see we are recovering nicely from multiple concussions . 
 jack yeah . 
 but i ca n't remember much between yesterday and saturday . 
 i just keep having this strange dream about a transvestite named tonya . 
 tim yeah , that is a strange dream . 
 jack tim , i try to remember what happened in ybor the other night , but i ... really ... . 
 ca n't . 
 tim we got the chest back and i think i can fairly say that we are even . 
 jack ok , fine . 
 no more rides on the memory express . 
 you 're loss . 
 delores approaches them . 
 delores come on boys , you 're grandma is about to make her announcement . 
 everyone scurries to surround may . 
 all the women press to the front . 
 may steps up onto a small platform and holds the precious white chest in her arm . 
 may well , i guess it is time . 
 i really wanted to put it off as long as possible today , but i realize everyone is getting anxious and i have had my turn long enough . 
 what 's a few more hours after almost fifty years ? 
 i hold the greatest tradition and piece of history in our family in my arms . 
 it is more than just a little white chest with a beautiful bible inside . 
 it took me years to realize its significance . 
 and that is something only the next recipient of it will understand . 
 if they choose to share that in time then that is their decision . 
 but for me , i keep it in my heart . 
 i hope you all can understand . 
 everyone claps and nods . 
 may do n't you think for a second that it was easy for me to choose which young lady in our extensive family i wanted to pass it down too . 
 especially since you 've all been extra sweet lately . 
 all the women giggle . 
 may i did n't want to base it on who was my favorite or who has been there for grandma the most or who is the most successful . 
 i merely reflected on my grandmother 's decision fifty years ago and it just dawned on me . 
 have i built up enough suspense ? 
 everyone is on their toes in anticipation of her announcement . 
 may this is exactly how i imagined this moment would be . 
 surrounded by family from near and far . 
 everyone in good spirits and health ... well , almost everyone . 
 where is my young jack ? 
 the crowd separates down the middle to reveal jack feeding sammie some cold cuts . 
 as jack realizes all attention is on him , he pretends to reprimand the dog . 
 jack no ! 
 sammie , i told you no ! 
 bad dog ! 
 tim , you need to teach your dog some discipline . 
 tim shakes his head . 
 may jack , will you come up here and hold this for me . 
 it is getting heavy . 
 jack wipes his hands on his pants and dashes to his grandma 's side . 
 she delicately hands him the chest . 
 may thank you . 
 how does it feel ? 
 it is n't burdensome for you , is it ? 
 jack no , light as a feather . 
 i could hold it all day . 
 may good . 
 how about fifty years ? 
 everyone gasps and murmurs . 
 jack is oblivious ! 
 jack i do n't know , that 's a long time . 
 i guess if someone was there to ... he notices everyone staring at him in disbelief . 
 he glances at his grandma . 
 she smiles patiently at him . 
 jack what ? 
 no . 
 no , definitely not . 
 i ca n't even hold a job , much less the hoffleday heirloom for fifty years . 
 besides , i 'm not a woman , is n't this thing supposed to go to a chic ? 
 please , take it back grandma . 
 this is a big mistake . 
 may no . 
 it is yours jack . 
 i think your grandfather would have wanted it this way . 
 may -lrb- continuing -rrb- can everyone give us just a minute please ; i have a few small things to tell jack . 
 all the men and children return to mingling as the women slowly saunter away in shock . 
 may holds jack hand . 
 may i do n't know where to begin with you , boy . 
 you almost fucked everything up . 
 jack 's jaw drops to the floor as his grandma sees right through him ! 
 may i have n't always been grandma , you know . 
 i used to be the late-night life of the party . 
 i was the girl who swore like a sailor , drank like a pirate , and fought like a rabid dog . 
 i used to be the baddest girl around . 
 when i came home , which was whenever i wanted and without regard for authority , i was the black sheep . 
 that was my life about fifty years ago . 
 until you 're great , great grandma took a chance and dropped that white chest in my lap . 
 the look on your face is exactly what mine was when i realized it was time to grow up and be responsible ! 
 jack , i know you sold the chest and somehow , someway you got it back . 
 and i am not the slightest bit surprised because the apple does n't fall far from the tree ! 
 not far at all . 
 jack gawks at his grandma . 
 may it was never about choosing the girl of the family that was most trustworthy or any crap like that . 
 i do n't know who started that rumor but the ass-kissing around here has been at an unbearable all-time high . 
 it has been about choosing the family member that needed a swift kick in the ass , and a smack in the face to inspire some responsibility and motivation . 
 for a while i thought it was going to be tim , but he just suddenly straightened up at the end of high school and you went streaming downhill like a leaky bucket of piss . 
 alright , that 's enough . 
 i never liked pep-talks . 
 just make me and your grandfather proud ! 
 now , give me a hug . 
 she embraces him and steps down . 
 tim hugs may as he approaches and steps up to jack . 
 tim picks from a plate of food in his hand as he speaks . 
 tim congratulations , jack ! 
 so how does it feel to be the winner of the bicentennial hoffleday heirloom lottery ? 
 jack still stands in shock . 
 jack leaky bucket of piss ? 
 what ? 
 tim yeah , the whole thing strikes me as ironic , too . 
 want to hear another strange tale of reality ? 
 you owe rowdy roddie piper 60 bucks . 
 see , i convinced him to muscle the chest out of the girls ' hands , but i also decided to go for the admirable thing and reimburse them the amount of money they originally gave you for the chest . 
 i did n't have the money on me , so piper spotted me . 
 those girls really tried hard to tell me i owed them fifteen hundred bucks , but i did n't bother arguing since i had piper on my side . 
 tim smiles endlessly as he pats jack on the back . 
 tim jack , you 're looking a little tired . 
 have a couple spoonful 's of this ... he lifts a heaping spoonful of coleslaw to jack 's mouth . 
 jack gags . 
 tim come on now , doctor 's orders ! 
 tim laughs . 
 delores tiptoes over . 
 delores my baby boy , jack . 
 this is such a great opportunity for you . 
 i am so proud of you for accepting the responsibility of the heirloom . 
 jack thanks , mom . 
 i just want to tell you that i have been doing some deep meditating the last few days and i have come up with an awesome ... tim jack , please do n't kill the moment and tell us another name for you 're band ! 
 jack i have come up with a plan for my future . 
 i think i am ... going to go back to school . 
 delores shrieks . 
 delores that is so wonderful ! 
 she hugs him . 
 delores you know what , tim , i forgot to ask you how your kutter account went yesterday morning ? 
 i have n't heard from you since friday and the suspense is killing me ! 
 i know how important it was to you and i did n't want to bother you while you were developing the whole campaign . 
 so , tell me ! 
 did you knock 'em dead ? 
 tim no , not quite . 
 tim puts his arm around jack . 
 tim i made them tap out ! 
 cut to : begin commercial montage : kutter brand mosquito repellant ext : mountains . 
 day . 
 a husband and wife hike along a trail as pine trees tower above them . 
 mosquitos buzz through the air dive-bombing the couple . 
 suddenly , a man in a giant mosquito costume scurries up to the woman and sticks his long purple proboscis into her neck . 
 she wildly swats at him . 
 husband all these darn mosquitos are making this hike so miserable ! 
 wife i am getting tired of swatting at them ! 
 cut to : ext : soccer field . 
 day . 
 a referee blows a whistle . 
 all the children retreat to their parents on the sidelines . 
 the referee swats at a mosquito as it buzzes by his head . 
 suddenly , a man in a mosquito costume sneaks up behind the referee and jams his proboscis into the ref 's neck . 
 a few more winged mosquito mascots chase after some of the children and repeatedly poke them with their blood sucking beaks . 
 one little boy cries to his mom as he vigorously scratches his neck . 
 little boy mommy , they wo n't leave me alone . 
 and i feel all itchy . 
 cut to : ext : golf course . 
 day . 
 two senior men are dressed in mismatched golf attire . 
 they swat at buzzing mosquitos . 
 as one of the men practices his swing , a man in a mosquito costume climbs out of a nearby sand trap and plugs his proboscis into the swinging man 's neck . 
 golfer # 1 i ca n't concentrate on my swing with these pesky mosquitos chewing on me . 
 the second golfer reaches into his bag and retrieves a clear pump bottle of kutter brand mosquito repellant . 
 golfer # 2 here , try a few sprays of this . 
 my wife picked it up for me . 
 it is guaranteed to repel mosquitos . 
 the first man sprays a few mists on his clothing and arms . 
 suddenly , rowdy roddie piper dashes from out of nowhere to clothes-line the man in the mosquito costume . 
 piper wears his signature plaid kilt and a white t-shirt . 
 in the middle of the t-shirt , in bright orange and blue , it reads , kutter . 
 the costumed man crawls away in pain . 
 cut to : ext : soccer field . 
 the little boy still scratches his bug bites as the costumed mosquito man is plugged onto the boy 's neck . 
 another mom approaches the itchy boy and his mother . 
 she hands them a container full of kutter brand mosquito repellant wipes . 
 mom # 2 hey , nancy . 
 i see the mosquitos are biting . 
 try one of these mosquito wipes by kutter . 
 it is safe for the whole family and repels up to six hours ! 
 the mother tugs a wipe from the container and dabs her son 's face and arms . 
 once again , rowdy roddie piper dashes from out of nowhere . 
 he scoops up the man in the costume and bodyslams him hard . 
 cut to : ext : mountains . 
 day the husband and wife still have the man-sized mosquitos attached and sucking blood . 
 another hiker approaches the couple and offers them an aerosol can of kutter . 
 hiker hey folks , might i recommend a small spray of this mosquito repellant by kutter . 
 it is guaranteed to repel mosquitos that transmit deadly west nile virus for up to eight hours and is perfect for outdoor enthusiasts like yourselves . 
 the couple gladly accepts the can and applies it to their legs and torso . 
 by surprise , rowdy roddie piper drops down from a tree to drive his elbow into the skull of the first mosquito costumed man . 
 piper retrieves a steel folding chair from behind a shrub and smashes it over the head of the other mosquito man . 
 piper poses and points to the camera as he steps on the chest of one of his costumed victims . 
 piper all it takes is a couple of mosquitoes to ruin a beautiful day outside . 
 so instead of wasting another ounce of your strength swatting and scratching , apply some easy-to-use mosquito repellant by kutter . 
 remember , kutter is tough , so you do n't have to be ! 
 one of the mosquitoes attempts to crawl away only to receive another vicious chair-shot from piper . 
 end commercial montage fade out : about the jerk who wrote this screenplay : justin langer was born in 1980 and for the most part , was raised on comic books and science fiction while growing up in las vegas . 
 he moved to sunny florida for college just after graduating high school . 
 he has had a variety of professions and considers his material to be influenced mostly by experiences relative to living in the state known for its unforgiving humidity and retired population . 
 most , if not all , of his writings will be in a screenplay format because he does n't really consider himself a descriptive or detailed storyteller . 
 he just wants to get the words on the page before he forgets them . 
 thank you for reading this work and supporting an independent , creative thinker . 
 please feel free to send justin an email with any thoughts or comments about his work at corduroy776@yahoo.com . 
 see below for additional works available by justin langer . 
 if you enjoyed this work , the biggest compliment you can give the author is to write a positive review or suggest this work to someone else ! 
 check out these other works by justin langer . 
 have some guts kenny 's job sucks , his car is a piece of crap , and his girlfriend is about to break up with him . 
 however , the two henchmen chasing him do n't care ; they just want back the briefcase worth untold riches he just found . 
 for 48 hours , the beach town of seaside will be turned inside out as the chase for the briefcase plays out . 
 from dirty hippies to an 8-ton sperm whale , everyone wants in on the action ! 
 available to download for free on smashwords.com : https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/357024 
