 the colour of nothing francesca flau smashwords edition copyright 2013 smashwords edition , license notes . 
 thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 you are welcome to share it with your friends . 
 this book may be reproduced , copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes , provided the book remains in its complete original form . 
 thank you for your support . 
 books written by francesca flau can be obtained through select online book retailers . 
 the colour of nothing francesca opens her eyes . 
 the wearisome weight of sleep is replaced by dense darkness ; the sun has not yet risen . 
 a crowd of unpleasant dreams has been stalking her for a little over a week now , and she is thankful for the shrill tintinnabulation which has finally drawn her out of her cumbrous slumber . 
 throwing a dressing gown over her nightdress , she hurries to answer it . 
 at least she attempts to hurry ; inept upon waking , she knocks her knee heavily on the doorframe and tumbles out onto the landing . 
 the din at the door does n't desist despite her discomfort , so , ignoring the salient ache , she picks herself up and trots down the stairs . 
 she hopes to find freyja waiting for her outside , but finds nothing of the sort . 
 there is n't anyone or anything at the door , not even an empty space where things should be , not even darkness , just nothing . 
 still hazy with sleep , she rubs her eyes and contemplates stepping out to where she would normally find the front garden . 
 looking down , she notices that the welcome mat which , in her usual priggish manner , she always insists people straighten upon entering , is missing . 
 she runs her hands along the doorframe and then sticks the left one out . 
 gobbled up by the colourless nothing , the digital pentad ghosts out of sight , but the sensation in her wrist suggests the invisible appendage still exists . 
 unnerved , she pulls her hand back in and waggles her fingers about in front of her face to make sure all is in order ; four and a thumb , normality . 
 were she to step over the threshold , she could end up just about anywhere . 
 togo ? 
 the antarctic ? 
 she looks down at her flimsy nightdress , and the bare feet beneath it , it 's plain to see she is n't dressed well for either . 
 thinking better of going out , she heads back into the house and closes the front door behind her . 
 this is all rather disturbing ; perhaps she simply needs to sleep off the remnants of a skewed dream . 
 francesca heads back upstairs , but no sooner has she set her head down on the pillow , when the pealing at the door begins again ; this time it is joined by a fierce pounding . 
 she does n't head down right away , instead she looks about her room , wondering about what has taken place . 
 she still is n't convinced of the validity of her surroundings ; it has n't happened before , but it could be that she has awoken inside a dream . 
 she is well aware of the art of lucid dreaming ; it is something freyja has tried to get her interested in on a number of occasions . 
 accompanied by the persistent pandemonium downstairs , she gets up and opens the curtains . 
 once again she is troubled by what she finds , for outside her window is the very same nothing she had discovered beyond the front door . 
 a nothingness lacking in colour , and yet somehow possessing weight ; she can not decide whether it has devoured all that should be outdoors , or replaced it . 
 it could be that the trees and grass have grown tired of their existence , and simply chosen not to be anymore . 
 she is at a loss as to what to do , so she repeatedly opens and closes the curtains in the hope that the usual view appears . 
 still , this does n't convince the nothing into reacquiring any of the familiar shapes and colours , and in the meantime that rebarbative rumpus has intensified . 
 heading down once again , she expects all sorts of monsters , ogres and demons to jump out at her . 
 hopefully none of them are immune to her weapon of choice , a rolling pin snatched from the kitchen cupboard . 
 she accepts that her paranoia is probably down to her rather unhealthy obsession with doctor who , particularly the eleventh incarnation , but if being a brownie in her younger years taught her anything , it was to always be prepared . 
 it was with the brownies that she had pledged to always do her best ; she has since failed on this account more than once . 
 wondering if freyja was ever a member , she pulls the door open , keeping the rolling pin out of sight behind her back . 
 once again , there is nothing waiting for her . 
 she mimics the hopelessness of her experiment with the curtains , opening and shutting the door a number of times to no avail . 
 once the door is closed , she peers through the spy glass into the same achromatic void , only magnified . 
 she knows it is impossible to magnify nothing , especially the colourless sort , but there it is , right before her eye . 
 now certain of her wakefulness , she tramps into the sitting room and flops down on the sofa . 
 perhaps the television will have some answers ; she chuckles at the thought of there finally being a news article on a proper kind of nothing . 
 after scrabbling around for the remote , she finds it 's been hiding beneath a cushion . 
 choice nonsense reminds her why she rarely ever flicks her set on ; she gives up after trying a number of stations and leaves it on the news , whilst picking up the phone from the mahogany coffee table . 
 she had better call her mother , she always knows what to do . 
 why , two summers ago , when she was unfortunate -lrb- or fortunate , depending on how one looks at it -rrb- enough to find a stray quetzal flapping its prismatic plumage about in her sitting room , her mother knew just whom to call . 
 within a couple of hours the rspca sent someone round , a pleasant pale skinned fellow with a lisp , who caught the distressed bird with ease and took it away . 
 he even apologised to her , offered a substantial supply of sorry , as though the whole thing were his fault . 
 her mother does n't pick up , which is unlike her , especially so early in the morning , when she should be home . 
 maybe she has gone away on one of those impulsive camping trips of hers ; francesca will just have to work this out on her own . 
 as far back as her memory goes , her mother would always vanish spontaneously . 
 she did n't understand it when she was a child , even felt resentment towards her , although she 'd usually be left with an amicable aunt . 
 her mother 's sister , an avid patron of the arts , had the most delightful collection of original carringtons and varos , and even owned a couple of open-mouthed sculptures by max ernst . 
 francesca always looked forward to visiting her curious grotto , where she 'd be given the most breathtaking gifts ; in particular a mischievous-looking marionette comes to mind . 
 over time the resentment for her mother has worn off , but to this day she can not understand what possesses her . 
 still tired , she drifts off to sleep without turning off the television . 
 a failsafe recipe for disconcerting dreams , especially considering sofas are n't the most comfortable places in the world , not when one is lying on a remote control . 
 thankfully , her rest does n't last long and , having dreamt about falling into a large vat of orange juice , she wakes up thirsty . 
 she heads to the kitchen to resolve the situation , and drowsily recalls the nonsensical nothing she had witnessed outside . 
 she often thinks that the best way to deal with things is to ignore them until they go away , but she doubts that will work this time . 
 she decides to check the back door ; maybe that side of the house has been unaffected . 
 she begins to doubt her memory ; it has always been untrustworthy , many times it has played tricks on her causing her to imagine all sorts of events which never took place . 
 she has even lost friends on its account . 
 either it is acting up again , or this is in fact an elaborate dream . 
 but then the deluge of orange juice she dreamt about felt real too , and terrifyingly so , for she is n't a strong swimmer . 
 her mother had sent her to swimming lessons when she was young , but she would bunk them to stand at the back of the building smoking cigarettes and chewing gum with the older girls . 
 she never really smoked , did n't know how , but she made an accurate enough copy of a real smoker so that no one noticed . 
 she wonders if any of the girls knew how to smoke , maybe she was n't the only one pretending . 
 both of her guesses are proven incorrect when she pulls open the back door and is greeted by the exact same nuisance which had awaited her at the front . 
 she lifts an umbrella from the stand and throws it out . 
 she adores her elephant-foot-shaped umbrella stand ; freyja had brought it back with her from one of her trips to west africa , and had made a rather elaborate gift of it , it had even been wrapped in shiny paper . 
 the umbrella , of course , vanishes just as her hand did earlier . 
 what she finds most perturbing about the nothingness is its lack of hue . 
 she could understand if a nothing were grey , or black , or even white , but this has no colour at all . 
 can such a thing even exist , surely all things have colour ? 
 but then this is n't a thing , it 's a nothing , so the rules must be completely different . 
 she thinks about freyja , if she were here the nothingness outside would have little significance . 
 but she is n't , and francesca is beginning to feel lonely . 
 flitting between the empty rooms dampens her mood further , so she picks up the phone again . 
 still no answer from her mother , she 'll try the police for advice . 
 needless to say , the police are n't much help ; one hour and forty-five minutes later , having been put on hold four times and told her story six , she is finally told that there is nothing they can do , before they hang up on her . 
 she calls again , and is told the same thing . 
 the third time , she is warned that if she does not discontinue her folly they will bring a charge against her , wasting police time no less . 
 they wo n't be sending a car round to the house , either . 
 she 's not sure it would be much help anyway ; it would probably be absorbed by the nothing . 
 the whole fiasco is enough to bring one to tears ; she gives up on the police and her mother , and throws the phone into the far corner of the room . 
 as the time passes , her sense of dolour deepens . 
 it has been over a month since she heard from freyja , and she has no means of reaching her now that her street has been imbibed by nothingness . 
 she 'd call her , only freyja dislikes phones ; the sound of one ringing is enough to set off an anxiety attack . 
 and what of the nothing , should she explore it ? 
 she stares into the window hoping , more than expecting , that freyja 's face will appear in the reflection beside her own . 
