 the skeleton key she woke with a knife at her throat . 
 or so she thought . 
 seichan came fully alert but kept her eyes closed , feigning sleep , feeling something sharp slicing into her neck . 
 she instinctively knew not to move . 
 not yet . 
 wary , she relied on her senses , but heard no whisper of movement , felt no stirring of air across her bare skin , detected no scent of body or breath that was not her own . 
 she smelled only a hint of roses and disinfectant . 
 am i alone ? 
 with the sharp pressure still on her neck , she peeked one eye open and took in her environment in a heartbeat . 
 she lay sprawled in an unknown bed , in a room she 'd never seen before . 
 across the bed , the covers were finely textured brocade ; above the headboard , an old tapestry hung ; on the mantel over a fireplace , a crystal vase of fresh-cut roses sat beside an eighteenth-century gold clock with a thick marble base . 
 the time read a few minutes past ten , confirmed by a modern clock radio resting atop a walnut bedside table . 
 from the warm tone of the light flowing through the sheer curtains , she assumed it was morning . 
 she picked out muffled voices , speaking french , a match to the room 's decor and appointments , passing down the hall outside the room . 
 hotel room , she surmised . 
 expensive , elegant , not what she could afford . 
 she waited several more breaths , making sure she was alone . 
 she had spent her younger years running the slums of bangkok and the back alleys of phnom penh , half feral , a creature of the street . 
 back then , she had learned the rudimentary skills of her future profession . 
 survival on the streets required vigilance , cunning , and brutality . 
 when her former employers found her , and recruited her from those same streets , the transition to assassin proved an easy one . 
 twelve years later , she wore another face , an evolution that a part of her still fought , leaving her half formed , waiting for that soft clay to harden into its new shape . 
 but what would she become ? 
 she had betrayed her former employers , an international criminal organization called the guild-but even that name was n't real , only a useful pseudonym . 
 the real identity and purpose of the organization remained shadowy , even to its own operatives . 
 after her betrayal , she had no home , no country , nothing but a thin allegiance to a covert u.s. agency known as sigma . 
 she had been recruited to discover the true puppet masters of the guild . 
 not that she had much choice . 
 she had to destroy her former masters before they destroyed her . 
 it was why she had come to paris , to chase a lead . 
 she slowly sat up and caught her reflection in a mirror on the armoire . 
 her black hair was mussed by the pillow , the emerald of her eyes dull , sensitive to the weak morning sunlight . 
 drugged . 
 someone had stripped her down to her bra and panties , likely to search her for weapons or wires or perhaps purely to intimidate her . 
 her clothes-black jeans , gray t-shirt , and leather motorcycle jacket-had been folded and placed atop a neighboring antique louis xv chair . 
 on an empire-period nightstand , her weapons had been arranged in a neat row , making a mockery of their lethality . 
 her sig sauer pistol was still in its shoulder holster , while her daggers and knives had been unsheathed , shining stingingly bright . 
 as brilliantly as the new piece of jewelry adorning her neck . 
 the stainless-steel band had been fastened tight and low . 
 a tiny green led light glowed at the hollow of her throat , where sharp prongs dug deep into that tender flesh . 
 so this is what woke me up ... she reached to the electronic necklace and carefully ran a fingertip along its surface , searching for the mechanism that secured it . 
 under her right ear , she discovered a tiny pin-sized opening . 
 a keyhole . 
 but who holds the key ? 
 her heart thudded in her throat , pinching against those sharp prongs with every beat . 
 anger flushed her skin , leaving behind a cold dread at the base of her spine . 
 she dug a finger under the tight band , strangling herself , driving the steel thorns deeper until - - agony lanced through her body , setting fire to her bones . 
 she collapsed to the bed , contorted with pain , back arched , chest too constricted to scream . 
 then darkness ... nothingness ... relief flooded through her as she fell back , but the sensation was short-lived . 
 she woke again , tasting blood where she had bitten her tongue . 
 a bleary-eyed check of the mantel clock revealed that only a moment had passed . 
 she rolled back up , still trembling with aftershocks from the near electrocution , and swung her legs off the bed . 
 she kept her hands well away from her neck and crossed to the window , needing to get her bearings . 
 standing slightly to the side to keep from casting a shadow , she stared below at a plaza at the center of which stood a massive towering bronze column with a statue of napoleon atop it . 
 an arcade of identical elegant buildings surrounded the square , with archways on the ground floor and tall second-story windows , separated by ornamental pillars and pilasters . 
 i 'm still in paris ... she stepped back . 
 in fact , she knew exactly where she was , having crossed that same square at the crack of dawn , as the city was just waking . 
 the plaza below was the place vendome , known for its high-end jewelers and fashion boutiques . 
 the towering bronze colonne vendome in the center was a parisian landmark , made from the melting of twelve hundred russian and austrian cannons collected by napoleon to commemorate some battle or other . 
 across its surface climbed a continuous ribbon of bas-relief depicting scenes from various napoleonic wars . 
 she turned and studied the opulent room , draped in silk and decorated in gold leaf . 
 i must still be at the ritz . 
 she had come to the hotel-the ritz paris-for an early-morning meeting with a historian who was connected to the guild . 
 something major was afoot within the organization , stirring up all her contacts . 
 she knew that such moments of upheaval , when locked doors were momentarily left open and safeguards loosened , were the perfect time to snatch what she could . 
 so she had reached in deep , pushed hard , and risked exposing herself perhaps too much . 
 one hand gently touched the collar-then lowered . 
 definitely too much . 
 one of her trusted contacts had set up this rendezvous . 
 but apparently money only bought so much trust . 
 she had met with the historian in the hemingway bar downstairs , a wood-paneled and leather-appointed homage to the american writer . 
 the historian had been seated at a side table , nursing a bloody mary , a drink that had originated at this establishment . 
 next to his chair rested a black leather briefcase , holding the promise of secrets yet to be revealed . 
 she had a drink . 
 only water . 
 still a mistake . 
 even now , her mouth remained cottony , her head equally so . 
 as she moved back into the room , a low groan drew her attention to the closed bathroom door . 
 she cursed herself for not thoroughly checking the rest of the room upon first waking , blaming it on the fuzziness of her thinking . 
 that lack of vigilance ended now . 
 she stepped silently and swiftly across the room , snatching her holstered pistol off the nightstand . 
 she shook the weapon free as she reached the door , letting the shoulder harness fall silently to the carpet . 
 she listened at the door . 
 as a second groan-more pained now-erupted , she burst into the bathroom , pistol raised . 
 she swept the small marble-adorned chamber , finding no one at the sink or vanity . 
 then a bony arm , sleeved in tattoos , rose from the tub , waving weakly as if the bather were drowning . 
 a hand found the swan-shaped gold faucet and gripped tightly to it . 
 as she sidled closer , a skinny auburn-haired boy-likely no more than eighteen-used his hold on the spigot to pull himself into view . 
 he looked all ribs , elbows , and knees , but she took no chances , centering her pistol on his bare chest . 
 dazed , he finally seemed to see her , his eyes widening at both her half-naked state and the obvious threat of the weapon . 
 he scrambled back in the empty tub , palms held up , looking ready to climb the marble walls behind him . 
 he wore only a pair of boxer briefs-and a stainless-steel collar . 
 a match to hers . 
 perhaps sensing the same pinched pressure on his neck as seichan felt on hers , he clawed at his throat . 
 `` do n't , '' she warned in french . 
 panicked , he tugged . 
 the green light on his collar flashed to red . 
 his entire body jolted , throwing him a foot into the air . 
 he crashed back into the bathtub . 
 she lunged and kept his head from cracking into the hard marble , feeling a snap of electricity sting her palm . 
 her actions were not motivated by altruism . 
 the kid plainly shared her predicament . 
 perhaps he knew more about the situation than she did . 
 he convulsed for another breath-then went slack . 
 she waited until his eyes fluttered back open ; then she stood and backed away . 
 she lowered her gun , sensing no threat from him . 
 he cautiously worked his way into a seated position . 
 she studied him as he breathed heavily , slowly shaking off the shock . 
 he was taller than she 'd at first imagined . 
 maybe six feet , but rail thin-not so much scrawny as wiry . 
 his hair was long to the shoulder , cut ragged with the cool casualness of youth . 
 tattoos swathed his arms , spilled over his shoulders , and spread into two dark wings of artwork along his back . 
 his chest was clean , still an empty canvas . 
 `` comment tu t ` appelles ? '' 
 seichan asked , taking a seat on the commode . 
 he breathed heavily . 
 `` je m ` appelle renny ... renny macleod . '' 
 though he answered in french , his brogue was distinctly scottish . 
 `` you speak english ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he nodded , sagging with relief . 
 `` aye . 
 what is going on ? 
 where am i ? '' 
 `` you 're in trouble . '' 
 he looked confused , scared . 
 `` what 's the last thing you remember ? '' 
 she asked . 
 his voice remained dazed . 
 `` i was at a pub . 
 in montparnasse . 
 someone bought me a pint . 
 just the one . 
 i was n't blottered or anything , but that 's the last i remember . 
 till i woke up here . '' 
 so he must have been drugged , too . 
 brought here and collared , like her . 
 but why ? 
 what game was being played ? 
 the phone rang , echoing across the room . 
 she turned , suspecting the answer was about to be revealed . 
 she stood and exited the bathroom . 
 the padding of bare feet on marble told her that renny was following . 
 she picked up the phone on the bedside table . 
 `` you 're both awake now , '' the caller said in english . 
 `` good . 
 time is already running short . '' 
 she recognized the voice . 
 it was dr. claude beaupre , the historian from the pantheon-sorbonne university in paris . 
 she pictured the prim , silver-haired frenchman seated in the hemingway bar . 
 he had worn a threadbare tweed jacket , but the true measure of the man was found not in the cut of his cloth , but within the haughty cloak of his aristocratic air and manners . 
 she guessed that somewhere in the past his family had noble titles attached to their names : baron , marquis , vicomte . 
 but no longer . 
 maybe that 's why he 'd become a historian , an attempt to cling to that once-illustrious past . 
 when she had met him this morning , she 'd hoped to buy documents pertaining to the guild 's true leaders , but circumstances had clearly changed . 
 had the man figured out who i am ? 
 if so , then why am i still alive ? 
 `` i have need of your unique skills , '' the historian explained , as if reading her thoughts . 
 `` i expended much effort to lure you here to paris , to entice you with the promise of answers . 
 you almost came too late . '' 
 `` so this is all a ruse . '' 
 `` non . 
 not at all , mademoiselle . 
 i have the documents you seek . 
 like you , i took full advantage of the tumult among our employers-your former , my current-to free the papers you came hunting . 
 you have my solemn word on that . 
 you came to buy them . 
 i am now merely negotiating the price . '' 
 `` and what is that price ? '' 
 `` i wish you to find my son , to free him before he is killed . '' 
 seichan struggled to keep pace with these negotiations . 
 `` your son ? '' 
 `` gabriel beaupre . 
 he has fallen under the spell of another compatriot of our organization , one i find most distasteful . 
 the man is the leader of an apocalyptic cult , l'ordre du temple solaire . '' 
 `` the order of the solar temple , '' she translated aloud . 
 renny macleod 's face hardened at the mention of the name . 
 `` oui , '' claude said from the phone . 
 `` a decade ago , the cult had been behind a series of mass suicides in two villages in switzerland and another in quebec . 
 members were found poisoned by their own hand or drugged into submitting . 
 one site was firebombed in a final act of purification . 
 most believed the ots had dissolved after that-but in fact , they 'd only gone underground , serving a new master . '' 
 the guild . 
 her former employers often harnessed such madness and honed its violence to serve their own ends . 
 `` but the new leader of ots-luc vennard-has greater ambitions . 
 like us , he plans to use the momentary loosening of the guild 's reins to exert his own independence , to wreak great havoc on my fair city . 
 for that reason alone , i 'd want him stopped , but he has wooed my son with myths of the continuing existence of the knights templar , of the cult 's holy duty to usher in the reign of a new god-king-likely vennard himself-a bloody transformation that would require fire and sacrifice . 
 specifically human sacrifice . 
 to use my son 's words before he vanished , a great purging would herald the new sun-king 's birth . '' 
 `` when is this all supposed to take place ? '' 
 seichan asked . 
 `` noon today , when the sun is at its strongest . '' 
 she glanced to the mantel clock . 
 that was in less than two hours . 
 `` that is why i took these extreme measures . 
 to ensure your cooperation . 
 the collars not only punish , but they also kill . 
 leave the city limits of paris and you will meet a most agonizing end . 
 fail to free my son and you will meet the same fate . '' 
 `` and if i agree ... if i succeed ... '' `` you will be set free . 
 you have my oath . 
 and as payment for services rendered , the documents i possess will also be yours . '' 
 seichan considered her options . 
 it did not take long . 
 she had only one . 
 to cooperate . 
 she also understood why claude beaupre had collared her and turned her into his hunting dog . 
 he dared not report what he 'd learned from his son to the guild . 
 the organization could simply let vennard commit this violent act and turn it to their advantage . 
 chaos often equaled opportunity to her former masters . 
 or they would stamp out vennard and his cult for their hubris and mutiny . 
 in either scenario , gabriel beaupre would likely end up dead . 
 so claude had sought help outside of regular channels . 
 `` what about the boy ? '' 
 seichan asked , staring over at renny macleod , unable to fit this one jigsaw piece into the puzzle . 
 `` he is your map and guide . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 renny must have noted her sudden attention on him and grew visibly paler . 
 `` search his back , '' claude commanded . 
 `` ask him about jolienne . '' 
 `` who is jolienne ? '' 
 this time the kid flinched , as if punched in the gut . 
 but rather than going even whiter , his face flushed . 
 he lunged forward , grabbing for the phone . 
 `` what does that bastard know about my jolie ? '' 
 renny cried out . 
 seichan easily sidestepped his assault , keeping the phone to her ear and spinning him with one hand . 
 she tossed him facedown on the bed and held him in place with a knee planted at the base of his spine . 
 he struggled , swearing angrily . 
 `` stay still , '' she said , digging in her knee . 
 `` who is jolie ? '' 
 he twisted his head around to glare at her with one eye . 
 `` my girlfriend . 
 she disappeared two days ago . 
 looking for some group called the solar temple . 
 i was in that pub last night trying to drum up a search party among the other cataphiles . '' 
 she did n't know what that last word meant . 
 but before inquiring , her attention focused on the kid 's naked back and the sprawl of his tattoo . 
 this was the first chance she 'd had to get a good look at it . 
 in black , yellow , and crimson inks , a strange map had been indelibly etched into his skin-but it was not a chart of streets and avenues . 
 in meticulous detail , the artwork depicted an intricate network of crisscrossing tunnels , widening chambers , and watery pools . 
 it looked like the map for some lost cavern system . 
 it was also clearly an unfinished work : passages faded into obscurity or ended abruptly at the edges of the tattoo . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 renny knew what had drawn her attention . 
 `` it 's where jolie disappeared . '' 
 claude , still on the phone at her ear , answered her more directly . 
 `` it is a map of the paris catacombs , our city of the dead . '' 
 fifteen minutes later , seichan was gunning the engine of her motorcycle and speeding over the twelve stone arches of the pont neuf , the medieval bridge that spanned the river seine . 
 she wove wildly around slower traffic , crossing toward the left bank of paris and aiming for the city 's latin quarter . 
 seated behind her , renny clung to her with both arms . 
 he squeezed tightly as she exited the bridge and made a sharp turn into the maze of streets on the far side . 
 she did not slow down . 
 they were quickly running out of time . 
 `` take the next right ! '' 
 renny yelled in her ear . 
 `` go four blocks . 
 then we 'll have to continue on foot . '' 
 seichan obeyed . 
 she had no other guide . 
 moments later , they were both running down the rue mouffetard , an ancient pedestrian avenue that cut a narrow , winding swath through the latin quarter . 
 buildings to either side dated back centuries . 
 the lower levels had been converted into cafes , bakeries , cheese shops , creperies , and a fresh market that spilled out into the street . 
 all around , merchants hawked their goods while patrons noisily bartered . 
 seichan shoved through the bustle , noting the chalkboard menus being filled out , the huge loaves of bread being stacked behind windows . 
 breathless , winded , she drew in the musky headiness wafting from a tiny fromagerie and the fragrant displays of an open-air flower stand . 
 still , she remained all too conscious of what lay beneath this lively tumult : a moldering necropolis holding the bones of six million parisians , three times the population above . 
 renny led the way with his long legs . 
 his thin form skirted through the crowds with ease . 
 he kept glancing back , making sure he had n't lost her . 
 back at the hotel , he had found his clothes in the hotel closet : ripped jeans , army boots , and a red shirt bearing the likeness of the rebel che guevara . 
 additionally , they 'd both put on scarves to hide their steel collars . 
 while they got dressed , seichan had explained their situation , how their lives depended on searching the catacombs to retrieve the historian 's lost son . 
 renny had listened , asking only a few questions . 
 in his eyes , she noted the gleam of hope behind the glaze of terror . 
 she suspected that the determined pace he set now had little to do with saving his own life and more to do with finding his lost love , jolie . 
 before donning his shirt , he had awkwardly pointed to his lower right shoulder blade . 
 that corner of the tattooed map was freshly inked , the flesh still red and inflamed . 
 `` this is what jolie had discovered , where she had been headed when she disappeared . '' 
 and it was where they were going now , chasing their only lead , preparing to follow in his girlfriend 's footsteps . 
 claude beaupre also believed jolienne 's whereabouts were important . 
 her disappearance had coincided with the last day he 'd seen his son . 
 before vanishing , gabriel had hinted to his father about where vennard and the other members of his cult were scheduled to gather for the purge . 
 it was this same neighborhood . 
 so when claude heard about renny searching for his lost girlfriend in this area , he began moving his chess pieces together : lowly guide and deadly hunter . 
 the two were now inextricably bound together , headed toward a secret entrance into the catacombs . 
 renny had shared all he knew about the subterranean network of crypts and tunnels . 
 how the dark worlds beneath the bright city of lights were once ancient quarries called les carrieres de paris . 
 the ancient excavation burrowed ten stories underground , carving out massive chambers and expanding outward into two hundred miles of tangled tunnels . 
 the quarries had once been at the outskirts of the city , but over time , paris grew and spread over the top of the old labyrinth , until now half of the metropolis sat atop the mines . 
 then in the eighteenth century , city authorities had ordered that the overflowing cemeteries in the center of paris be dug up . 
 millions of skeletons-some going back a thousand years-were unceremoniously dumped into the quarries ' tunnels , where they were broken down and stacked like cordwood . 
 according to renny , some of france 's most famous historical figures were likely interred below : from merovingian kings to characters from the french revolution , from clovis to the likes of robespierre and marie antoinette . 
 seichan 's search , though , was not for the dead . 
 renny finally turned off the main thoroughfare and ducked down a narrow alley between a coffeehouse and a pastry shop . 
 `` this way . 
 the entrance i told ye about is up ahead . 
 friends-fellow cataphiles-should have left us some gear . 
 we always help each other out . '' 
 the alley was so tight they had to pass through it single file . 
 it ended at a small courtyard , surrounded by centuries-old buildings . 
 some of the windows were boarded up ; others showed some signs of life : a small dog piping a complaint , a few strings of drying laundry , a small face peering at them through a curtain . 
 renny led her to a manhole cover hidden in a shadowed corner of the courtyard . 
 he fished out a crowbar from behind a trash bin , along with two mining helmets with lamps affixed to their front . 
 he pointed back to the bin . 
 `` they left us a couple o ' flashlights , too . '' 
 `` your cataphiles ? '' 
 `` aye . 
 my fellow explorers of paris 's underworld , '' he said , letting a little pride shine forth , his brogue thickening . 
 `` we come from every corner of the world , from every walk o ' life . 
 some search the old subways or sewer lines ; others go boggin ' and diving into water-filled pits that open into flooded rooms far below . 
 but most-like jolie and me-are drawn to the unmapped corners of the catacombs . '' 
 he went silent , worry settling heavily to his shoulders , clearly wondering about the fate of his girlfriend . 
 `` let 's get this open , '' seichan said , needing to keep him moving . 
 she helped pry open the manhole cover and rolled it aside . 
 a metal ladder , bolted to the wall of the shaft , led down into the darkness . 
 renny strapped on his helmet . 
 seichan opted for a flashlight . 
 she cast a bright beam into the depths . 
 `` this leads down to a long-abandoned section of the sewer system , goin ' back to the mid-1800s , '' renny said , mounting the ladder . 
 `` a sewer ? 
 i thought we were going into the catacombs . '' 
 `` aye , we are . 
 sewers , basements , old wells often have secret entrances into the ancient catacombs . 
 c'mon , then , i 'll show ye . '' 
 he climbed down , and she followed . 
 she expected it to smell foul , ripe with the slough of the city above . 
 but she found it only dank and moldy . 
 they descended at least two stories , until at last she was able to step back onto solid footing . 
 she cast her light around . 
 mortared blocks lined the old sewer 's walls and low ceiling . 
 her boots sloshed in a thin stream of water along the bottom . 
 `` over here . '' 
 renny led the way along the sewer with the assurance of a well-schooled rat . 
 after thirty yards , a grated gateway opened to the right . 
 he crossed to it and tugged the gate open . 
 hinges squealed . 
 `` now through here . '' 
 crude steps led deeper into the darkness and down to a room that made her gasp . 
 the walls had been painted in a riotous garden of flowers and trees set among trickling waterways and azure pools . 
 it was like stepping into a monet painting . 
 `` welcome to the true entrance of the catacombs , '' renny said . 
 `` who did all of this ? '' 
 she asked , sweeping her light , noting a few sections marred by graffiti . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` all sorts of dobbers make their way down . 
 artists , partiers , mushroom farmers . 
 a couple years ago , the cataflics-that 's our name for the police who patrol down there-discovered a large chamber set up as a movie theater , with a big screen , popcorn maker , and carved-out seats . 
 when police investigators returned a day later , they found it all gone . 
 only a note remained in the middle of the floor , warning ` do not try to find us . ' 
 that 's the underworld of paris . 
 large sections still remain unexplored , cut off by cave-ins or simply lost in time . 
 cataphiles , like me and my mates , do our best to fill in those blank spots on the old maps , tracking our discoveries , recording every intricacy . '' 
 `` like you 've done with your tattoo . '' 
 `` it was jolie 's idea , '' he said with a sad smile . 
 `` she 's a tattoo artist . 
 a dead good one , she is . 
 she wanted to immortalize our journey together underground . '' 
 he went silent again , but only for a moment . 
 `` i met her down below , not far from here , both of us all muddy . 
 we exchanged phone numbers by flashlight . '' 
 `` tell me about that day she disappeared . '' 
 `` i had classes to go to . 
 she had the afternoon off and left with another girl , liesl from germany . 
 i dinna know her last name . 
 they went down after hearing rumors of some secret group moving through the area . '' 
 `` the order of the solar temple . '' 
 `` aye . '' 
 he worked the back of his shirt up . 
 `` at the base of my neck , you 'll see a room marked with a little flower . '' 
 she peered closer at his tattoo , shining her flashlight . 
 she found the tiny celtic rose and touched it with a finger . 
 renny shivered . 
 `` that 's where we are now . 
 we 'll follow jolie 's map to the newest piece of my tattoo ; that was where she 'd been headed . 
 she found an entrance into a forgotten section of the labyrinth , but she 'd only just begun to explore it when she heard that rumor about the solar temple . '' 
 he lowered his shirt and pointed to a tunnel leading out . 
 `` i know most of the way by heart , but i 'll need help once we 're closer . '' 
 he set off through the dark labyrinth , winding through tunnels and across small rooms and past flooded pits . 
 the walls were raw limestone , sweating and dripping with water . 
 fossils dotted the surfaces , some polished by previous cataphiles to make them stand out , as if the prehistoric past were trying to crawl out of the rock . 
 the way grew rapidly cooler . 
 soon seichan could see her breath . 
 the echoes of their footsteps made it sound as if they were constantly being followed . 
 she stopped frequently , checking warily behind her . 
 she could see that renny was growing impatient . 
 `` we 're not likely to find anyone down here . 
 even the cataflics rarely come to this remote section . 
 plus there was a gas leak reported near the tourist area of the catacombs . 
 they 've been closed for three days . '' 
 she nodded and checked his tattoo again . 
 they were not far from the freshly inked section of his map . 
 `` if i 'm reading this right , your girlfriend 's new discovery opens along that passage . '' 
 she pointed to a narrow tunnel and checked her wristwatch . 
 seventy-two minutes left . 
 anxious , seichan led the way . 
 she hurried along , looking for the branching side passage marked on the tattoo . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 renny called behind her . 
 she turned and found him kneeling beside a tumble of stones . 
 she had walked past the rockfall without giving it a second thought . 
 renny pointed his helmet lamp to a rosy arrow chalked above the rock pile . 
 `` this is the entrance . 
 jolie always uses pink chalk . '' 
 she joined him and spotted a low tunnel shadowed by the rocks . 
 renny crawled on his hands and knees through the opening first . 
 seichan followed . 
 within a few yards and a couple of short drops , the way dumped into another tunnel . 
 as seichan stood , she saw more shafts and smaller side passages heading off in several directions . 
 renny touched a palm against the sweating dampness of the limestone wall . 
 `` this is definitely a very old section of the catacombs . 
 and it looks to be a fousty maze from here . '' 
 he twisted around and fought to raise his shirt . 
 `` check the map . '' 
 she did , but the ink of the tattoo stopped at the exact point where they were standing . 
 a cursory exam of the tunnels offered no other chalked clues as to where jolie might have gone . 
 from here , it looked like they were on their own . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 renny asked , fear for his girlfriend frosting his words . 
 `` where do we go ? '' 
 seichan picked a tunnel and headed out . 
 `` why are we going this way ? '' 
 he asked , hurrying after her . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 actually she had a reason for the decision . 
 she had picked the passage because it was the only one that headed down . 
 by now , it was clear to her that these tunnel crawlers were drawn to nether regions of the world , driven by curiosity about what lay below . 
 such snooping always kept them digging deeper . 
 only after reaching the bottom would they begin exploring outward . 
 she hoped that this was true of jolienne . 
 within a few steps , though , seichan began to regret her choice . 
 to either side , deep niches had been packed solidly with old human bones , darkened and yellowed to the color of ancient parchment . 
 the skeletons had been disarticulated and separated into their component parts , as if inventoried by some macabre accountant . 
 one niche held only a stack of arms , delicately draped one atop the other ; another was full of rib cages . 
 it was the last two niches-one on either side of the passage-that disturbed her the most . 
 two walls of skulls stared out at the tunnel , seeming to dare them to trespass between their vacant gazes . 
 seichan hurried past with a shiver of dread . 
 the tunnel finally ended at a cavernous chamber . 
 while the roof was no higher than the passageway , it stretched outward into a vast room the length of a football field . 
 rows and rows of pillars held up the ceiling , like some stone orchard . 
 each support was composed of stone blocks , one piled on another . 
 several looked crooked and ready to fall . 
 `` this is the ancient handiwork of charles guillaumot , '' renny said , speaking in a rushed , nervous tone . 
 `` back in 1774 , a major section of the catacombs collapsed , swallowing up several streets and killing lots o ' people . 
 after that , king louis hired himself an architect , guillaumot , to shore up the catacombs . 
 he became the first true cataphile . 
 he mapped and explored most of the tunnels and had these room pillars put in place . 
 not that collapses do n't still happen . 
 in 1961 , the ground opened up and swallowed an entire parisian neighborhood , killing a bunch of people . 
 even today , cave-ins occur every year . 
 it 's a big danger down here . '' 
 seichan only half listened to renny 's story . 
 a glint off one of the pillars had drawn her attention . 
 the reflection was too bright for this dank and dreary place . 
 she approached the pillar and discovered a ring of wires wrapped around the middle of the stack of stones , linking transmitters and blasting caps to fistfuls of yellowish-gray clay . 
 c4 explosive . 
 this was not the handiwork of that eighteenth-century french architect . 
 she examined the bomb , careful not to disturb it . 
 a small red led light glowed from the transmitter , awaiting a signal . 
 she cupped a hand over her flashlight and motioned for renny to do the same with his helmet lamp . 
 the room plunged into darkness . 
 as her eyes adjusted , she picked out the telltale pinpoints glowing across the room , hundreds of them , coming from pillars throughout the chamber . 
 the entire room had been mined to explode . 
 `` what is all of this ? '' 
 renny whispered beside her . 
 `` vennard 's purge , '' seichan surmised , picturing the bustling city above . 
 she wondered how many other chambers across this necropolis were similarly set with explosives . 
 she remembered renny mentioning a reported gas leak . 
 such a ruse would be a good way to evacuate the catacombs , leaving the cult free to plant charges throughout this subterranean world . 
 renny must have feared the same . 
 his voice grew somber with the implication . 
 `` they could bring half of paris crashing down . '' 
 claude beaupre had said vennard wanted human sacrifice , to herald the birth of a new sun-king in fire and blood . 
 here was that plan about to come to fruition . 
 as she kept her hand cupped over her flashlight , her eyes acclimated themselves enough to note a wan glow from across the room , marking the entrance to a tunnel on the far side . 
 she continued across the chamber , heading for that light . 
 she slipped out her pistol and pointed it forward . 
 keeping her flashlight muffled in her other hand , she allowed just enough illumination to avoid obstacles . 
 renny kept behind her with his helmet 's lamp switched off . 
 the far tunnel was a mirror to the first one . 
 bones filled niches ; the skeletons again broken down and separated into body parts . 
 only these bones were bright white . 
 there was no patina of age . 
 with growing horror , she realized that what she was looking at were not ancient remains-they were the remains of fresh kills . 
 one niche , a yard deep , was half full of skulls . 
 a work in progress . 
 from their tiny sizes , she could tell that some of the skulls had belonged to children , even infants . 
 before claude had finished his instructions over the phone , he had spoken of a heinous act committed by the former head of the ordre du temple solaire in quebec . 
 the man had sacrificed his own son , stabbing him with wooden stakes , believing the child was the antichrist . 
 apparently the order 's taste for infanticide was not limited to that single instance . 
 the tunnel ended after another bend . 
 voices echoed from there , sounding like they were coming from another cavernous space . 
 seichan motioned for renny to hang back . 
 she edged forward , hugging a wall , and peered around the corner . 
 another room-smaller , but similarly dotted with pillars-opened ahead . 
 only the pillars in this room were natural limestone columns , left behind as the miners dug out this chamber , making the space feel more ancient . 
 but like the others , these pillars were similarly decorated with explosive charges . 
 in the center of the room , seichan could make out twenty people gathered in a circle , all on their knees-but they were not adorned in ceremonial robes . 
 they wore ordinary street clothes . 
 one couple , arm in arm , had come in formal attire for the momentous occasion . 
 a handful looked drugged , weaving dully where they knelt or with their foreheads lowered to the floor . 
 three bodies lay sprawled closer to the tunnel where seichan was hiding : facedown , in pools of blood , as dark as oil against the rock . 
 it looked as if they 'd been shot in the back as they tried to flee the coming destruction , likely having had second thoughts about giving up their lives in a suicidal orgy . 
 a pair of guards , with assault rifles and wearing kevlar body armor , stood to either side of the gathering , shadowed by pillars , watching the group , ready to discourage any other deserters . 
 seichan ignored them for the moment and focused on the two figures standing in the center of the circle . 
 one , with silver hair and gallic features , wore a cloaked white robe , shining in a spotlight thrown by a nearby sodium lamp . 
 seichan could hear the soft chug of a generator powering the room . 
 the man smiled beatifically upon his flock , arms raised . 
 that must be luc vennard . 
 `` the time is at hand , '' he intoned in french . 
 `` as the sun reaches its zenith , the destruction wrought here will start . 
 the screams of the dying , the rising souls of the dead , will carry you all upward to the next exultant stage of existence . 
 you will become my dark angels as i claim my solar throne . 
 i promise you : this is not the end , but only the beginning for us all . 
 i must leave you now , but my chosen spiritual right hand will take my place and lead you out of the darkness and into the dawn of a new era . '' 
 the man stepped aside , clearly planning to abandon his flock . 
 from the way vennard cast a glance toward the two armed guards , it seemed he was n't sticking around for the festivities and had arranged for escorts to guide him out of the catacombs-just in case any of the flock objected to his departure . 
 she suspected the bank accounts of those gathered had been emptied into vennard 's vaults , ready to finance his next venture , to spread more widely the order of the solar temple-or perhaps to buy that new yacht he 's had his eye on . 
 was he a cultist , a con artist , or merely a glorified serial killer ? 
 from the vacuous sockets of the dead staring out at her from the nearby niche , she suspected the answer was all of the above . 
 vennard waved the second man forward . 
 in his midthirties , he wore street clothes , his face shining with a sheen of sweat , his eyes glassy from what appeared to be both drugs and adoration . 
 even without the photo that claude had left in the hotel room , seichan would have recognized the historian 's son-both from his patrician features and the aristocratic air he shared with his father . 
 seichan pictured claude plying his son with tales of past noble titles and lost heritages , instilling in the boy the same sense of bitter entitlement that motivated himself . 
 but while the father had sought solace in the embrace of history , it seemed his son had looked to the future , seeking his own path to that former glory . 
 and he 'd found it here . 
 `` gabriel-like the angel that is your namesake-you will be transformed by blood and sacrifice into my warrior angel , the most exultant of my new heavenly legion . 
 and your weapon will be a sword of fire . '' 
 vennard parted his cloak to reveal a steel short sword . 
 it looked like an antique , a museum piece . 
 `` like you , this steel will soon burn with the energies of the sun 's furnace . 
 but first that weapon must be forged , made ready for its transformation . 
 it must be bloodied like all of you . 
 this last death by your hand , this singular sacrifice , will herald the others to come . 
 this honor i give to you , my warrior angel , my gabriel . '' 
 vennard held up the sword and offered it to the young man . 
 gabriel took it and lifted it high-then the two men stepped aside , revealing a low altar behind them . 
 it had its own spotlight , too . 
 a dark-haired woman was chained naked to the stone , legs spread wide , arms outstretched . 
 a second sacrifice-blond-haired and pale-knelt nearby , shaking in a thin white shift . 
 on the altar , the woman 's head was lolling in a drugged daze . 
 but she must have sensed what was to come and struggled against the chains as gabriel turned to her with his sword . 
 he stepped far enough aside to reveal the woman 's face-but the tattoos across her body were already enough to identify her . 
 at least for one of them . 
 `` jolienne ! '' 
 renny 's cry shot out of the tunnel like a crossbow 's bolt . 
 all eyes turned in their direction . 
 before seichan could move , a large figure stepped across the mouth of the tunnel-a third guard . 
 he 'd been hidden to the side , ensuring no one left . 
 she silently cursed renny . 
 with no time to devise a strategy , she simply had to improvise . 
 as the guard raised his rifle , seichan shot him in the knee . 
 the pop of her pistol was explosive in the confined space . 
 the .357 round at such close range blew out his kneecap in a mist of blood and bone . 
 she leaped as the guard screamed and toppled forward . 
 she caught him up , embracing him with one arm like a long-lost lover , and used her momentum to carry him into the room . 
 she pointed her sig sauer past his body and targeted the guard to the right as he stepped clear of the pillar . 
 she shot him in the face . 
 screams erupted across the room . 
 the flock scattered to all sides , like a flushed covey of quail . 
 the remaining guard fired at her , strafing wildly , but she used her new `` lover '' as a body shield , bulldozing forward . 
 rounds pelted into the man 's kevlar armor , but one bullet struck the back of his head . 
 his struggling weight went suddenly limp . 
 she carried the deadweight another two steps , enough to get a good angle around the pillar . 
 she fired at the exposed man , squeezing the trigger twice . 
 she clipped the guard 's ear , knocking his head back . 
 the second shot ripped through his exposed throat , severing his spine . 
 he crashed to floor . 
 seichan dropped the guard in her arms and took up a shooter 's stance , aiming toward the altar . 
 vennard had retreated behind it . 
 gabriel , still dazed and slow to react from the drugs he 'd ingested , looked confused . 
 he still held the sword at the throat of the bound woman . 
 a trickle of blood flowed from where the blade 's razored edge had already sliced that tender skin . 
 the other sacrifice , unguarded now , leaped to her feet and fled away . 
 seichan waved the blond woman toward the exit as she came running at her-only too late did seichan notice the dagger clutched in the woman 's hand . 
 with a scream of rage , she lunged at seichan . 
 unable to get clear in time , seichan twisted to the side , ready to take the knife strike to the shoulder , rather than somewhere more vital . 
 it proved unnecessary . 
 before the dagger could hit , something flew past seichan 's shoulder and cracked the woman square in the face . 
 a white human skull bounced to the stone floor and rolled away . 
 from the corner of her eye , she spotted renny running over , clutching another skull in his fist . 
 he 'd clearly grabbed the only weapons at hand from one of the niches . 
 his attack caused the woman to stumble , long enough for seichan to get her pistol around and fire point-blank into the woman 's chest . 
 the impact knocked her assailant off her feet . 
 she slid across the floor , a bloom of blood brightening the front of her white shift . 
 renny came rushing up . 
 he tossed aside the skull and snatched one of the guard 's assault rifles from the floor , but from the way he bungled with it , it looked like he 'd been better off with the skull . 
 renny stared down at the dead woman , his face a mask of confusion . 
 the reason for his bewilderment became clear a second later . 
 from the altar , gabriel cried out , pain cutting through his drugged haze . 
 `` liesl ! '' 
 seichan recognized that name . 
 it was the german girl renny had mentioned during his recounting of jolienne 's disappearance . 
 the two girls had come down here , exploring together , when jolienne disappeared . 
 it now seemed that the circumstances surrounding that disappearance were n't as much a matter of accident as it appeared . 
 renny 's girlfriend had n't stumbled upon the cult 's location here-she 'd been lured , led by liesl like a cow to the slaughter , to be the final sacrifice . 
 `` non ! '' 
 gabriel wailed , heartbroken . 
 with his eyes fixed on the bloody body , he fell to his knees , the sword clattering to the altar . 
 others of the flock began to flee out the tunnel , abandoning their leader . 
 but vennard was not giving up so easily . 
 from a pocket of his robe , he pulled out what looked like a transmitter . 
 a green light glowed at the top . 
 he had a finger pressed to a button . 
 `` if i let go of this switch , we all die , '' he said calmly , his voice resonating with that hypnotic quality that had so easily swayed the gullible . 
 he stepped around the altar . 
 `` let me go . 
 even follow me out , if you 'd like . 
 and we can all still live . '' 
 seichan backed away and waved renny aside . 
 despite vennard 's grandiose vision , he was not suicidal . 
 she took him at his word . 
 he would refrain from blowing up the catacombs , at least until he himself got clear . 
 vennard studied her , attempting to read her . 
 a good cult leader needed a keen eye to judge people , to predict their actions . 
 he slowly moved forward , step-by-step , toward the exit , pushing seichan ahead of him . 
 `` you want to live as much as any of us , seichan . 
 yes , it took me a moment , but i recognize you now . 
 from what i 've read , you were always reasonable . 
 none of us need to die this - '' a sword burst from the center of his chest , thrust through from behind . 
 `` we must all die ! '' 
 gabriel yelled as vennard fell to his knees . 
 `` liesl can not ascend without the proper sacrifice . 
 blood and fire . 
 you said so . 
 to become the angels you promised ! '' 
 gabriel shoved the sword deeper as madness , grief , and exaltation glowed in his face . 
 blood poured from vennard 's mouth . 
 seichan dropped her pistol and lunged forward , grabbing for the transmitter with both hands . 
 she got her finger over the trigger before vennard could let go . 
 nose to nose , he stared back at her , his eyes shining with disbelief and shock-but also with understanding . 
 in the end , he had reaped what he had sown . 
 gabriel yanked back on the hilt and kicked away vennard 's body to free the blade . 
 seichan fell to her backside , getting tangled as the cult leader fell on top of her . 
 gabriel raised his sword high with both hands , ready to plunge it into seichan . 
 but renny stepped behind him and cracked him in the back of the skull with the butt of his rifle . 
 gabriel 's eyes rolled back , and his body crumpled to the floor . 
 `` what a loony bampot , '' renny said . 
 he came forward to help seichan up , but she waved to the altar . 
 `` go free jolienne . '' 
 he stared down at the transmitter clutched in her hands . 
 `` is it over ? '' 
 seichan caught the glint of steel shining above his scarf . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 with the midday sun cresting high overhead , seichan waited beside the parked peugeot 508 sedan in front of the ritz paris . 
 the rental had been arranged by dr. claude beaupre to transport them from the latin quarter to the rendezvous back at the hotel . 
 as a precaution , she kept the sedan between her and the doors to the hotel . 
 additionally , she had renny retreat to the square of the place vendome . 
 jolienne was safe at a local hospital , having the cut on her neck treated . 
 he had wanted to stay with her , but seichan still needed him . 
 the doors to the ritz paris finally opened and discharged a trio of figures . 
 in the center strode claude , dressed again in tweeds , but he 'd donned a rakish hat to shadow his features , clearly as cautious as seichan about this very public meeting . 
 it would not be good for him to be found associated with a guild assassin-turned-traitor . 
 he was flanked by two massive men in black suits and long overcoats , surely hiding an arsenal of weapons within those folds . 
 claude offered her the barest nod of greeting . 
 she stepped around to the rear of the sedan to meet him . 
 she kept her hands in the open , offering no threat . 
 claude motioned for the two men to stay on the curb as he joined her at the back of the car . 
 he carried a black leather louis vuitton briefcase . 
 the historian squinted up into the bright sky , shading his eyes with his free hand . 
 `` it is noon , and paris still stands . 
 i assume that means luc vennard 's plan failed , his great purge quashed . '' 
 seichan shrugged . 
 by now , renny 's cataflics , the elite police of that subterranean world , were likely scouring the catacombs , accompanied by the city 's demineurs , their bomb squads . 
 `` and what of monsieur vennard ? '' 
 claude asked . 
 `` dead . '' 
 a small smile of satisfaction graced his features . 
 he glanced to the darkened windows of the sedan . 
 `` and according to your brief phone call , you rescued my son . '' 
 seichan stepped to the rear of the peugeot sedan and pressed the zero in the silver 508 emblem beside the taillight . 
 the hidden button popped open the trunk . 
 within its roomy interior lay gabriel beaupre , his limbs bound with duct tape and a ball gag secured in place with her own cashmere scarf . 
 gabriel winced at the sudden brightness , then struggled when he spotted his father . 
 interrupting the family reunion , seichan slammed the trunk closed . 
 she did n't want anyone passing by to note what was happening . 
 neither did claude , who raised no objections to her abrupt gesture . 
 he dared not attempt to free his bound son from the trunk in such a public space . 
 `` as you can see , gabriel is fine , '' she said , and held up the sedan 's electronic fob . 
 `` and here is the key to his freedom . '' 
 claude reached for it-but she pulled her hand away . 
 not so fast . 
 she tugged down her jacket 's collar and exposed the steel one beneath it . 
 `` what about this ? '' 
 she also nodded over to renny , who still had his scarf in place . 
 `` an exchange of keys . 
 your son 's freedom for ours . '' 
 `` oui . 
 that was the deal . 
 i am a man of my word . '' 
 he reached into a pocket and removed a hotel key card . 
 he placed it on the top of the trunk . 
 `` inside your hotel room , you will find what you need to free yourselves . '' 
 he must have read the suspicion on her face and smiled sadly . 
 `` fear not . 
 your deaths will not serve me . 
 in fact , i plan to pin vennard 's loss upon your traitorous shoulders . 
 with the guild hunting you , no suspicions will be cast my way . 
 and the faster you run , ma chere amie , the better it is for all of us . 
 but , as an additional sign of good faith , i believe i promised you a reward . '' 
 he swung the briefcase onto the trunk and ran a hand over the rich leather surface . 
 `` vuitton 's finest . 
 the president classeur case . 
 it is yours to keep . '' 
 he smiled over at her with amusement and french pride . 
 `` but i suspect what is inside is the true price for my son 's freedom . 
 a clue to the shadowy leaders of the guild . '' 
 he snapped open the case to reveal a stack of files . 
 on the top folder , imprinted onto the cover , was the image of an eagle with outstretched wings , holding an olive branch in one talon and a bundle of arrows in the other . 
 it was the great seal of the united states . 
 but what does this have to do with the guild ? 
 he snapped the briefcase closed and slid it toward her . 
 `` what you do with this information-where it will lead-will be very dangerous territory to tread , '' he warned . 
 `` it might serve you better to simply walk away . '' 
 not a chance . 
 she took the case and the hotel key card . 
 with the prizes in hand , she placed the sedan 's fob on the trunk and backed to the curb , well out of the reach of claude 's guards . 
 the historian did n't make a move to take the sedan 's key . 
 instead , he placed a palm tenderly on the trunk 's lid . 
 his eyes closed in relief as the tension drained from his shoulders . 
 he was no longer a guild associate , merely a father relieved at the safe return of his prodigal son . 
 claude took a long breath , then motioned for one of his men to retrieve the key and take the wheel . 
 as his guards climbed into the front seats , claude ducked into the back , perhaps to be that much closer to his son . 
 seichan waited for the sedan to pull away from the curb and head down the street . 
 as the car vanished out of the square , renny crossed over to join her . 
 `` did ye get what ye wanted ? '' 
 she nodded , picturing the relief claude must be feeling . 
 for the sake of his son , the historian could n't risk that she might have searched the papers first . 
 they had to be authentic . 
 `` do ye think he can be trusted ? '' 
 renny asked , reaching to his scarf . 
 `` that remains to be seen . '' 
 as they both stared across the plaza , renny took off his cashmere neckpiece and revealed a close-guarded secret , a secret that seichan had kept from claude . 
 renny 's throat was bare . 
 he rubbed at the red burn from his earlier shock . 
 `` it was good to get that bloody thing off . '' 
 seichan agreed . 
 she reached to her throat and unsnapped her own collar . 
 she stared down at the green led light . 
 after vennard 's death , she 'd found herself with an extra hour before the noon deadline . 
 taking advantage of the additional time in the catacombs , seichan had reached out to renny 's network of resources . 
 he 'd claimed that his fellow cataphiles came from all around the world and from every walk of life . 
 upon her instructions , renny had sent out a clarion call for help . 
 one of the cataphile brothers responded , an expert in electrical engineering and microdesign . 
 he was able to get the collars off and removed the shocking mechanism from seichan 's . 
 this was all done underground , where claude was unlikely to be able to receive any warning signals from the collars . 
 once free , seichan risked making a play for the briefcase . 
 as she stared at her collar now , renny 's early question played in her head : could claude still be trusted ? 
 the answer came a moment later . 
 the green light on her collar flashed to red as it received a transmitted signal , but with the shocking mechanism neutralized , there was no danger . 
 at least , not for her . 
 distantly , a tremendous blast echoed across the city . 
 she searched in the direction of the departed sedan and watched an oily tendril of smoke curl into the bright blue sky . 
 in the end , it seemed that claude could not be trusted . 
 apparently , despite his claims otherwise , it was too dangerous to let her live , and he had transmitted the kill order to the collars . 
 a bad move . 
 she had given claude the chance to do the right thing . 
 he had n't taken it . 
 she pictured the scarf securing gabriel 's ball gag . 
 hidden beneath the cashmere and snapped snugly around the young man 's mouth and head was renny 's missing electronic collar . 
 the ball gag was formed out of a molded wad of c4 , retrieved from one of the explosive charges in the catacombs . 
 the collar had been wired into a detonator . 
 if and when the electronic collar was jolted , it would set off the c4 . 
 she had calculated the quantity and shaped the explosive to take out the sedan and its occupants with little collateral damage . 
 she sighed , feeling a twinge of regret . 
 it was a nice car . 
 renny gaped at the smoke signal in the sky , stunned , one hand clutching his throat . 
 he finally tore his eyes away and faced her . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 she dumped the collar into a curbside trash bin and hefted up the briefcase . 
 she remembered claude beaupre 's last words to her . 
 what you do with this information-where it will lead-will be very dangerous territory to tread . 
 as she turned away , she answered renny 's question . 
 what now ? 
 `` now comes the hard part . '' 
