 the secret wolf stacey card published by stacey card at smashwords . 
 copyright 2013 stacey card smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 some of the places are real , but the characters are imaginary . 
 for gabby , maddi and louise . 
 who pushed me to keep writing . 
 table of contents prologue chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten chapter eleven epilogue prologue i felt something watching me , it was the shiver that went down my spine that alerted me to the presence . 
 i opened my eyes and looked around , nothing . 
 i closed my eyes again and layer back , that 's when i felt hot breath on the back of my neck . 
 i stiffened and did n't turn around , i slowly stood up on shaky legs . 
 i slowly walked towards the gap between trees that i came through . 
 i did n't turn around because i knew that if i did , i would n't like what i saw . 
 i did n't hear anything following me , but i knew that whatever it was , was still watching , waiting for me to leave the forest . 
 chapter one we were moving again , no surprise there . 
 we moved every month or so , mom travelled a lot for her job , so it 's not unusual for us to pack up and leave . 
 i never make friends because there 's no point when you will just leave them again , it stops the heartache . 
 we were moving to tree tops , a small isolated town , or so google says . 
 i was looking forward to moving out of new york though , i was fed up with the traffic and the boring scenery . 
 tree tops was surrounded by a forest , just what i like . 
 i 'm an artist , what can i say ? 
 i love the outdoors and the different scenery , it 's one of the reasons i do n't mind moving round all the time . 
 of course sometimes i wish that we could just stay in one place . 
 i would n't mind being like a normal sixteen year old , one that had a boyfriend . 
 i envy the girls that do , but then again i just remind myself that they probably wo n't last long . 
 i 'm the type of girl that wants a fairy tale , some prince charming to sweep me off my feet , and we can live happily ever after . 
 of course that only happens in the fairy tales , but still a girl can dream ca n't she ? 
 `` alysha ! '' 
 , mom called from downstairs , i was late , i always was . 
 we were meant to be on the road by now but i woke up late and still had a load to pack . 
 i am currently sitting on a box trying to tape it shut , she could have helped instead of talking to neighbours about the ` big move ' . 
 oh well , it 's only going to put us back an hour , i was still in my pyjamas . 
 the drive was four hours to tree tops and it was already three in the afternoon , another thing you should know about me is that i do n't do mornings . 
 people that like mornings have issues , if i see the sunrise it is probably because i have n't been to sleep yet . 
 school is the worst though , why could n't it start at two instead of half eight ? 
 i would actually be early then . 
 `` alysha ! '' 
 , mom shouted getting impatient . 
 i can imagine her now pacing the hall downstairs looking from her watch to the stairs . 
 `` i 'm coming . '' 
 , i said while i carried the last box down the stairs . 
 `` you know i would have been a lot faster if you would have helped right ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes at me . 
 `` well if you had done it yesterday , like i told you to instead of going to the park to draw you would have been ready this morning . '' 
 i just walked passed her and loaded the last box into the car , the moving van had already gone ahead . 
 i got into the car while she checked the house to see if we had everything . 
 i beeped the horn as she was locking up , calling `` hurry up ! 
 we need to leave now if we want to get there before dinner ! '' 
 she shot me a look that made me laugh , but would have made anyone else shut up . 
 she walked over to the car and we were on our way . 
 `` have you taken your pill today ? '' 
 mom asked when we were stopped in traffic . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i said , reaching into my back and taking one when she was n't looking . 
 i 've been taking the pills since i was a baby , i do n't really know what they 're for , but mum gets really moody when i do n't take them . 
 i live with my mom , i have no siblings and no pets , but that 's just the way i 'm used to things . 
 it 's just me and my mom , it 's nice , we get along great and get on with our own things . 
 i do n't know where my dad is , mom never wants to talk about him , says i 'm too young to understand . 
 i dream though , about the day he will come back to us , how he would look . 
 mom always says that i look like him and would know if i ever met him , because it would be like looking in a mirror of a male version of myself , just a little older obviously . 
 so i have been looking for the man with grey eyes and black hair that looks blue in some lighting . 
 i 've never found him , i 've found people with that description , but i 've never felt like they were the one that i was looking for . 
 i wonder what his life is like now , and if he ever thinks of mum and me . 
 boys have always said that i was pretty , but none of them ever did ask me out . 
 i never had friends , party because i move but also because they did n't like ` their ' boys drooling over me . 
 so i was used to getting my clothes taken after gym and finding surprises in my locker . 
 i actually found a slug i there once , so i punched the girl , she had a pretty black eye . 
 the nun saw me though and it was bye bye school . 
 `` ahh ! '' 
 , mom squealed . 
 i looked at her with my brow raised in question . 
 she just stared at me and nodded her head towards a sign , it said ` welcome to tree tops ' in big green writing on dark brown wood . 
 `` we 're here ! '' 
 , mom exclaimed and i smiled at her . 
 i have a feeling that i 'm going to like it here . 
 chapter two it was seven o'clock when we arrived at the new house , thanks to leaving late . 
 i had a big grin on my face when i first took in the house , it was n't big or anything it was small , but it was perfect . 
 it was a three bed roomed house , and it was painted a dark chocolate brown . 
 the front garden was small with a path leading up to the front door . 
 there were only a few other houses on the street but they all looked similar and cosy . 
 the car had to be parked on the road but there were sectioned off places . 
 mom unlocked the door and i went straight upstairs , mum had already moved some things in and had chosen rooms . 
 she came up behind me and said , `` i have a surprise for you . '' 
 i followed her into a room next to the main bathroom , she opened the door and inside were some of my pictures that i had drew on a bigger canvas because i liked them . 
 there was a red sofa on one wall and a fire place on the other . 
 in the middle was an easel with a new set of pencils . 
 it had a red stool in front of it and it faced the window , looking outside the window i could see the forest . 
 i looked more closely and could see that there was no fence between the property and the forest , so i could easily go for a walk in there . 
 i turned to my mom and hugged her . 
 `` thank you so so much ! 
 i love it . '' 
 she had tears in her eyes , she felt like she was a bad mum with all the moving , she felt guiltier every time we moved , i know she did . 
 she hugged me back hard and i walked over to look at the view of the forest , it was n't much but it would be good inspiration , forests do n't look the same twice . 
 `` i 'm glad you like it , um , i 've felt kinda bad moving you around all the time , it 's not the life that you deserve . 
 so i spoke with my boss and asked for a more permanent placement , so we 're staying here for a while . '' 
 `` really ? 
 so no more moving ? 
 you mean i can actually make friends and go to dances and stuff ? '' 
 , i tried to sound as if i was n't getting my hopes up . 
 she smiled at me and nodded . 
 i squealed and threw myself at her , hugging her hard . 
 finally i could see what it 's like to be normal , and in a place like this where i could get lots of inspiration for my drawings . 
 i could n't wait to get started , but i had lots of time now , not just a month . 
 `` you start school on monday , so do n't start staying up late and getting out of routine . '' 
 , mom scolded me knowing that i 'd stay up late drawing what i 've seen . 
 i poked my tongue out at her and grunted . 
 when she left i quickly went into my own room to inspect it . 
 it was quite big and light green with dark green curtains and bed sheets . 
 green was my favourite colour , it reminded me of the grass in the summer . 
 there were dark brown book shelves and cupboards . 
 on the wall was one of my drawings of a wolf , i had never seen one but i had watched a documentary and i was intrigued , so i drew one . 
 he was light brown and was stood on a mountain howling at the moon , he was cast in the moonlight so it looked like he stood in a spotlight . 
 i loved it , mom always knew exactly what i liked . 
 i had an on-suit and it was similar colours to my room , with dark green and light green tiles . 
 i walked downstairs to look at the rest of the house . 
 the t.v room was a red colour with a black leather sofa facing the flat screen . 
 behind the sofa was a drawing of a rose that i found in one of our homes , it looked like the one off beauty and the beast , with a glass case around it . 
 in the kitchen it was a light blue , it did n't really go with the rest of the house but still it was light and cheery . 
 on the fridge with a tom and jerry magnet holding it up , was a note from my mum : alysha , i have gone out to meet my new boss for dinner , i have left money so you can order pizza or you can cook . 
 i have been shopping and have loaded the fridge with food that you like . 
 i 'm sorry i could n't be there , but because i wanted a more permanent place i have to work more often so wo n't be around as much . 
 love you always , mom well at least she write me a note , i did wonder why she gave me an art room , at least now i know why . 
 i looked in the fridge and cupboards , nothing caught my eye so i decided to order pizza . 
 i looked around looking for a menu or a yellow pages book , but came up empty . 
 i wondered if next door would have one , and debated going over there to ask . 
 i looked at the clock on the wall and it said eight o'clock , i decided that it was n't too late . 
 pulling on my trainers i walked down the path and up to my neighbours front door . 
 i knocked , biting my lip wondering if this was such a good idea . 
 a light came on outside and i heard the locks turn in the door . 
 a man in his late thirties opened the door with a startled expression on his face . 
 `` may i help you ? '' 
 , he asked politely . 
 he was a tall man with blonde hair cut close to his head . 
 he was dressed as if he had just come back from work , in a black suit and tie . 
 `` um , i was , er , wondering if you might have a pizza menu that i can borrow ? 
 you see i 'm new here , me and my mom just moved in next door today , and we do n't have one . '' 
 , i bit my lip nervously . 
 he stood there looking at me for a moment , a bewildered expression on his face . 
 he held up his hand in a ` one moment ' gesture and walked back into the house . 
 he returned a few minuets later with a menu . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 , i said taking it off him . 
 `` no problem . 
 i thought someone new was moving in , my wife and i saw the moving vans earlier and were wondering when you were coming . 
 you and your mother must come around for dinner one day . '' 
 , he smiled at me . 
 `` yeah , we moved today . 
 i 'll tell her you said that i 'm sure she 'd love to meet you and your wife . '' 
 i waved at him as i walked away , already trying to decide what to have on my pizza , i was starved . 
 once i was inside i quickly dialled the number and ordered a cheese and ham pizza . 
 as i awaited its arrival i looked out of the patio doors into the dark forest , i 'd go for a walk tomorrow and see if there is anything that i could draw . 
 i might go into town after that and see what this place has to offer . 
 the door bell rang as i was watching t.v , i got up quickly , my stomach rumbling . 
 i quickly grabbed the money from the kitchen and opened the door . 
 stood outside was the most gorgeous boy i had ever laid eyes on , he was tall with messy blonde hair and sparkly blue eyes , i wanted to draw him , he was just so perfect . 
 my mouth dropped open and i only shut it when he started laughing . 
 i scowled at him , `` and what would be so amusing ? '' 
 he stopped and just looked at me , he shook his head and handed me the pizza , `` that 's five seventy . '' 
 , he had a nice voice . 
 i handed him the money , just as i was about to shut the door in his face he put his foot there to stop it . 
 i opening it again looking at him . 
 `` if you think i 'm giving you a tip after you laughed at me , you are deadly wrong buddy . '' 
 he surprised her by sticking out his hand , `` i 'm dan , you must be new here because i have n't seen you around before . 
 are you going to go to beckamen ? '' 
 beckamen was the local high school , i narrowed my eyes at him wondering if this is one of his jokes . 
 `` alysha '' , i said grasping his big warm hand in mine `` and yes i will be attending beckamen . 
 do you go there ? '' 
 `` yeah it sucks , but then again what school does n't ? '' 
 , he laughed and so did i. `` well you know it was nice meeting you and all , but my pizza is getting cold . 
 see you monday ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , you see i was hoping i could show you around town . 
 maybe tomorrow ? '' 
 i blinked at him not knowing what to say , it 's the first time someone actually wanted to spend time with me . 
 yes , a boy is asking you out , my inner voice said , ok so maybe it 's not an official date , but it 's still a start . 
 i agreed with her , but i was n't sure , dan seemed like the type of guy that would love 'em and leave 'em . 
 `` no . '' 
 , i said and slammed the door in his shocked face . 
 he knocked again but i ignored it , i grabbed my pizza and took it to my room . 
 i ca n't believe you just done that , my inner voice scolded . 
 to be honest , i could n't believe i done it either . 
 i sat there eating my pizza wondering why i did n't say yes , after all it would mean that i knew someone for school on monday , even if he was a jerk . 
 after i finished my pizza , i drew a picture of dan , it was just too tempting . 
 i fell asleep at eleven , my mom still was n't home , which means she has probably joined them for a drink . 
 chapter three i was awake , dressed and downstairs having brunch by two o'clock . 
 my mom had left a note saying that she had to go to work early and that i should enjoy the day and go exploring , which is exactly what i was going to do . 
 i decided to go into the woods first , so i had on my jeans and a hoodie with trainers . 
 i put my sketch book in my bag , along with three pencils , a bottle of water and a chocolate bar . 
 the weather was nice when i got outside , it was sunny with a slight breeze , perfect for a walk in the woods . 
 i started walking into the woods , nothing of interest caught my eye at first , but you have to focus on theses types of things . 
 i enjoyed the forest , the sounds , the smells , i felt like it was a part of me , like i wanted to turn into a fox or a rabbit and live here . 
 i had walked for about ten minuets when i came to a lake , it was beautiful , the sun was shining off it and the water was glistening . 
 i sat down on a near by tree trunk and started to draw , i might even blow it up onto a bigger canvas . 
 it was really beautiful here , peaceful even , with the birds singing happily in the trees and the wind blowing , rustling the trees . 
 there was the odd rabbit that you could see chasing one another , it was truly amazing . 
 i opening my water bottle turning my face towards the sun , i wish i had brought my sunglasses . 
 i felt something watching me , it was the shiver that went down my spine that alerted me to the presence . 
 i opened my eyes and looked around , nothing . 
 i closed my eyes again and layer back , that 's when i felt hot breath on the back of my neck . 
 i stiffened and did n't turn around , i slowly stood up on shaky legs . 
 i slowly walked towards the gap between trees that i came through . 
 i did n't turn around because i knew that if i did , i would n't like what i saw . 
 i did n't hear anything following me , but i knew that whatever it was , was still watching , waiting for me to leave the forest . 
 once i got back at the house i got showered and dressed in a pair of jean shorts and tank top . 
 the town was small enough that you could walk everywhere , so i walked to the centre of town . 
 the town centre was small , with a grocery store , a few clothes shops , and the odd shops that sell everything . 
 there was a small garage , and a small coffee shop . 
 there was only one restaurant , so that is where i assumed my mom when last night , there was a small pub next door to it . 
 i walked around the shops , not finding anything that held my attention i walked into the small coffee shop . 
 i did n't like coffee , but they sold hot chocolate . 
 the place was dark brown and white , it was modern and looked quite new . 
 i walked up to the counter where an old man was taking orders . 
 `` what can i get ya ? '' 
 , he asked , smiling at me . 
 `` a hot chocolate , please . '' 
 `` do you want marshmallows and cream too ? '' 
 , he asked , knowing too well you could n't have hot chocolate without them . 
 `` yes please . '' 
 , i smiled brightly at him . 
 `` you 're new here right ? '' 
 `` yep , i just moved here from new york . '' 
 `` must be a big change for you then , huh ? '' 
 i thought about it before i answered , `` not really , i move around every month or so with my moms job . 
 i prefer the towns like this though . '' 
 `` really ? 
 most kids like the big cities , with the lights and all . '' 
 i laughed , `` my moms always said i was a strange one . '' 
 he laughed and said , `` i 'll bring it over for you when it 's ready , and i 'll throw in a muffin too . 
 i 'm bill , by the way . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'm alysha . '' 
 i walked over to one of the tables in the corner so that i could look outside the window at the passing people . 
 it was already starting to feel like home and i have n't even been here a full day yet , maybe it 's because i know that i 'm staying longer than a month this time . 
 bill came over and placed a steaming cup of hot chocolate in front of me , as promised i also had a chocolate muffin . 
 i smiled and said thanks before i turned back towards the window . 
 across the street was a blonde haired guy , he was with his friends , but it did n't take long for me to recognise dan . 
 as if feeling me watching him , he turned around and started walking towards the shop when he noticed me . 
 i put my head down pretending to be interested in the cream as it floated on top of the hot chocolate . 
 `` hey , good looking . '' 
 , dan said , by way of greeting . 
 i looked up at him blankly , thinking that if i did n't recognise him he would go away . 
 i was dead wrong . 
 he pulled up a chair and sat opposite me , `` it 's me dan , i gave you the pizza last night , remember ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah , um , hi . '' 
 , i hoped that he would take the hint and just leave , but apparently not . 
 `` fancy seeing you here , it 's such a small town . 
 nothing like new york i bet , huh ? '' 
 `` no , it 's better . '' 
 , smiling and i took in the differences . 
 he burst out laughing , `` this place ? 
 better than new york ? 
 are you high ? '' 
 `` nope , just honest . '' 
 he was about to reply when his friends called him over . 
 he looked back at me and waved , ordered and sat with his friends on the opposite side of the room . 
 all of the boys were large in the shoulders , they looked like the perfect people for football , or wrestling . 
 the girls were slender , with curves in all the right places . 
 i could n't help but be jealous of them . 
 i looked back out of the window , i had my sketch pad out in front of me and was looking over the drawing that i done of the lake . 
 i might blow it up so that it can go in the kitchen , the lake sparkled with the sunlight and the trees around it were different shades , because of the angle the sun hit them . 
 `` nick ! '' 
 , i heard someone shout , and turned around . 
 that 's when i saw him , the most beautiful guy i had ever seen , he was better than jacob black off twilight . 
 he was tall and muscular like the others on the table . 
 he looked like dan , but a bit bigger and with black hair instead of blonde . 
 the guy , nick , walked over to the table and sat next to dan and a blonde girl . 
 she looked like a cheerleader , so it was no wonder he sat next to her . 
 i really needed to pee and the door for the bathroom was right next to them , i felt intimidated . 
 pull yourself together , my inner voice said . 
 i took a deep breath and got up to walk over there , as i was passing dan called my name . 
 `` hey , alysha ! '' 
 i turned trying not to shoot him daggers , and smiled sweetly , `` yeah ? '' 
 `` whatcha doing ? '' 
 i stared at him blankly , `` what does one usually do when they walk towards the bathroom ? '' 
 , i raised my brow at him . 
 his friends laughed and he just grinned , not slightly embarrassed . 
 my eyes were drawn to the one they called nick , he had forest green eyes , and they twinkled as he laughed . 
 he had a deep laugh and it made my legs weak . 
 i blushed when he looked at me , it felt like he was seeing into my soul . 
 `` you should come sit with us once you 've finished with your business . '' 
 , i snapped my eyes to dan , blushing harder . 
 `` um , i , uh , ca n't , i 'm busy . '' 
 , i replied stuttering and quickly walked off . 
 when i came out of the bathroom i kept my head down as i walked passed them and i walked straight out the door . 
 i walked slowly on my way back home , i could n't stop thinking of nick , it was strange i was never usually interested in guys . 
 but by the looks of things he had a girlfriend , the blonde girl had hung off his arm while dan was talking to me . 
 **** i woke up after a sleepless night , i kept having dreams of forest green eyes , and something hot breathing on my neck . 
 i decided to go into the forest again today , nothing was going to scare me off , i have been waiting years to move to a place like this . 
 i dressed in jeans and a tank , with my walking boots . 
 i put my sketch book in a bag and was out the door . 
 it was n't a surprise that my mom was n't home when i woke up , i have n't seen her since we moved here . 
 the forest was like it was yesterday , but the ground was damp from the rain during the night . 
 when i got to the lake , there was a butterfly on a near by branch , i quickly started to sketch it knowing that it would n't stay long . 
 it flew away shortly after and i walked over to the lake . 
 it was surrounded by dried mud and i sat down taking my boots off and dipping my feet into the water . 
 it was cold but it felt refreshing after my walk . 
 i started school tomorrow , i was excited but nervous at the same time . 
 secretly i was hoping that nick would be there tomorrow . 
 the forest reminded me of him , i could imagine him sitting by the lake and walking through the woods . 
 i heard a twig snap behind me and turned around , there standing a few feet behind me was a wolf , it was huge and black with green eyes . 
 i stared at it for a few moments before grabbing my sketch book and starting to draw it . 
 it cocked its head to the side , like it was confused by what i was doing and wondering why i was n't screaming . 
 once i drew the outline of him i started on the background , i would add colours and the better detail when i got home . 
 i had never seen a wolf before , but i always wanted to , they were my favourite animal . 
 the black and white ones were my favourite . 
 i slowly slid my book towards him , so he could look , it was a crazy idea but i wanted him to see what i had done . 
 i just hoped he did n't rip it up . 
 he took a few steps forward and sniffed it before looking at it . 
 he stared at it for a moment before looking up at me with a wolfish grin on his face . 
 i smiled at him and reached out my hand , it was shaking because i did n't know what he would do . 
 he sniffed it and whined in confusion before putting his head under my hand . 
 his fur was soft and thick and i moved forward so i could kneel in front of him . 
 i ran my hands through his fur loving the feel of it between my fingers . 
 i heard a howl from the distance and he lifted his head and listened again . 
 i watched him intrigued , there was another howl and he looked at me before running in the direction of the howling . 
 i looked in the direction that he ran off in before putting my shoes on and heading back home . 
 chapter four my alarm went off at seven and i groaned as i rolled over to shut it off . 
 it was way too early to be up , i started falling back to sleep when my mum came in . 
 `` wakey , wakey sleeping beauty . '' 
 i mumbled something and rolled over onto my stomach , putting my head under the pillow . 
 i heard her walk over to my window and open the curtains . 
 the next thing i know my quilt is being ripped off me , i grabbed it just in time and pulled it back up . 
 ahh the usual tug of war match that we have every morning , oh how i have n't missed this . 
 mom won as she always does , then she grabbed my feet and pulled , i grabbed my head bored and held on tight . 
 `` come on , alysha , you do n't want to be late for your first day of school . '' 
 `` yes i do . '' 
 , i mumbled , with my head still under the pillow . 
 then i thought of nick and i jumped out of bed , startling my mom , she fell on the floor , blowing a piece of hair out of her face . 
 i laughed before turning towards the bathroom to shower . 
 after i showered and blow dried my hair , so that it fell wavy down my back , i added a little bit of make up and ran down stairs to have breakfast . 
 i grabbed my mom 's toast and ate it while packing my bag , she rolled her eyes at me and i grinned , showing her a mouth full of food . 
 i took my pill swallowing it down with a glass of orange juice . 
 the walk to school was relaxing , but it was also suspense and was building up my nerves . 
 i had already wiped my sweaty palms on my jeans three times , by the time i get there i will probably have two wet patches on my jeans . 
 i laughed at the thought , thinking how embarrassing that would be . 
 the school was a small red brick building . 
 it looked modern and new . 
 as i walked towards the main office i passed the blonde girl from the coffee shop , she was stood by herself waiting for someone . 
 as soon as i thought that five cars pulled up and out came dan , nick and some of the other people from the coffee shop . 
 the girl strutted right up to nick and linked her arm through his . 
 i rolled my eyes and kept walking towards the office . 
 i knew girls like that , girls that think they own a boy just because they like them . 
 it looked like nick was n't interested and he had a lot of girls trying to get his attention , but they still could be together , maybe they 've had a lovers tiff . 
 there was no reason why he would n't go for a girl like her , she had long curly blonde hair and brown eyes . 
 she was wearing tight jeans and heels , her top was low cut and fit her perfectly . 
 her looks were not going unnoticed either , the boys that surrounded her were practically drooling , all except nick and dan , the ones who 's attention she wanted the most . 
 the main office was small , with a long desk . 
 behind the desk sat a plump woman , with short died red hair and matching red glasses . 
 she smiled when she saw me and gestured for me to come over . 
 the walls were a boring white and were in need of some art or something to make it look less plain . 
 `` can i help you dear ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm alysha . 
 i just moved here from new york , this is my first day . '' 
 `` oh , yes . '' 
 , she said turning towards her computer and typing stuff . 
 the printer sounded from behind her and she turned to grab the paper . 
 `` this is your class schedule . '' 
 , she handed me the paper , `` your first class is history with mr melon . 
 you 'll find that down the hall and to your left , it 's the second door . 
 if you get lost throughout the day you can always come here or ask one of your teachers . 
 have a good day dear . '' 
 `` and you . '' 
 , i said , walking in the direction she said before i forgot it . 
 i took a deep breath before opening the door , all eyes turned towards me . 
 `` yo alysha ! 
 baby girl , you stalking me now ? '' 
 i slowly turned towards dan saying sweetly , while batting my eyelashes , `` oh of course i am dan , i ca n't stay away . '' 
 , i put my hand on my heart . 
 he grinned and winked . 
 i turned towards my teacher who was shaking his head , trying to hide his smile . 
 `` you must be alysha jar . '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` well seen as you and mr lock are already acquainted you may sit next to him . 
 we are going to start a pair project today , so you will have to work after school on it as well . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 , i said and walked over to the seat next to dan . 
 i looked around and saw the blonde girl staring daggers at me , if looks could kill i would have died a hundred times over . 
 i did n't see nick but hoped that he would be in my next class . 
 i turned towards dan and asked what topic he picked for our project . 
 `` well , if i had known that i would have a partner i would have chosen a hard topic , but i did n't i picked the easiest which was world war two . '' 
 `` right , well we might be able to finish it in a week if we work on it every day after school . '' 
 `` just ca n't get enough of me can you ? '' 
 , he said winking . 
 i rolled my eyes , `` would anyone be at your house if we went there ? '' 
 `` you mean so we can be alone ? '' 
 , he asked waggling his eyebrows , `` as much as i would like to say yes , my parents will be there . '' 
 `` ok good , because my mom wo n't be home so we can go to yours . '' 
 his face dropped and i could n't help but laugh , `` ok yeah we can go to mine , i got ta ask first though so we wo n't be able to do it tonight . 
 you know i wo n't bite unless you ask , so we could go to yours . '' 
 i laughed at him and shook my head , he was just too much . 
 the rest of class was just researching our topic in books provided and writing notes on it . 
 i did n't see nick until lunch , i had really hoped that he would be in one of my classes . 
 i sat on a table , by myself , near the bins . 
 although i had talked to people and tried to make friends , no one had offered to let me sit by them . 
 as i was opening my cheese roll a shadow fell across the table , i looked up into the most extraordinary green eyes that i had ever seen . 
 it was nick , all my hopes and dreams had come true ! 
 i dragged my eyes away from his only to stared at his lips , they were perfect and full . 
 i felt my own part , until i heard him clear his throat . 
 i blushed furiously and looked at him through my lashes . 
 `` hey . '' 
 , i said . 
 `` uh , hi . 
 i saw you here by yourself and was wondering if i could , uh , maybe join you ? '' 
 my mouth dropped open and i looked at him and then at the table of his friends . 
 i raised my brow . 
 they were all looking over in confusion , their mouths dropping open , the blonde girl staring daggers at me . 
 `` sure . '' 
 , i said , smiling up at him . 
 he sat down opposite me , not looking over to his friends at all , i did wonder weather they had had an argument or something . 
 the silence stretched between us , he had n't even asked my name , or told me his own . 
 `` i 'm alysha , by the way . '' 
 , i told him when the silence became too much to handle . 
 he looked up and me and gave me a shy smile , `` i 'm nick . '' 
 oh that smile ! 
 i had never seen a smile that cute before , my heart fluttered and i blushed knowing that i was staring again . 
 it is n't your fault , my inner voice said , it 's his , why if he was n't so good looking we would n't have given him quite so much attention . 
 i did n't agree with her , after all i felt like i already knew him , like i had seen him before . 
 as he was opening up his own roll , the blonde girl came over , she slid onto the seat next to him , her hand sliding up his arm . 
 `` nicky , what are you doing over here ? '' 
 , she asked sweetly . 
 nick gave her a dazzling smile and my heart stopped , if only he could give me one of those . 
 `` i 'm making friends with the new girl . 
 alysha this is carly , carly this is alysha . '' 
 `` oh how nice to meet you ! '' 
 , she said with fake enthusiasm , all the while starting daggers at me . 
 `` you too . '' 
 , i mumbled . 
 why did she have to come over here and wreck my moment with nick ? 
 who did she think she was ? 
 ok so we were n't having a convocation but still , i was enjoying sneaking glances at him . 
 `` well now that you 've met , are you going to come back over ? 
 no one likes sitting by the bin . '' 
 , carly asked nick , laughing . 
 `` you know , you 're right . '' 
 , nick said and carly smiled at me , `` come on alysha , you can sit with us . 
 as carls said no one likes sitting by the bin . '' 
 carly 's face dropped and i tried not to laugh . 
 `` but ... but ... '' , she stuttered , trying to find words for why my coming over was a bad idea . 
 i stood up smiling sweetly at her before grabbing my stuff and following nick over to the table , which was far away from the smelly bin . 
 `` alysha , you know it 's called staking right ? '' 
 , dan said with a huge grin . 
 nick laughed and pointed to a boy with brown hair and glasses , `` this is ed , and max . '' 
 max was a big guy , as they all were , with curly black hair , and eyes just as dark . 
 nick pointed to a girl that i saw with carly a lot , she was petite , but had long red hair and sparkly blue eyes , `` that 's jess and this here is my little sister , maddi . '' 
 , he said , putting his arm protectively around a small girl with blond hair and blue eyes . 
 she looked the exact opposite to nick and if i just saw them i would n't think they were related . 
 `` hi . '' 
 , i said a bit awkwardly . 
 ed smiled at me , while max and jess scowled . 
 however , maddi grabbed my arm and pulled me down next to her . 
 she looked way to young to be in this grade and i raised a questioning brow at nick . 
 `` maddi here got moved up two grades , because she 's just that smart . '' 
 , he said answering my question with a proud look on his face . 
 `` everyone is smart to you nick . '' 
 , maddi said laughing . 
 i looked at nick and he faked being wounded putting his hand on his heart and i joined in with the laughter . 
 lunch went too fast and i actually found out that i liked maddi and ed . 
 max , jess and carly just stared daggers at me but i did n't care . 
 i saw nick glance over at me a few times and we would lock eyes , my heart would flutter before he would look away . 
 nick and maddi were just how i imagined a sibling relationship to be , they joked about each other , but you could see the love in their eyes when they looked at each other . 
 i found out that i had several classes with maddi and that we had the same taste in music and books . 
 i found out that she played the piano and that she loved it , i told her that i draw and she asked if she could see them . 
 nick looked weird all of a sudden and you could feel the change in him in the air , everyone looked at him and he said maybe we can see the art another time . 
 i said that i did n't mind now but he gave me this look as he said no , it almost felt as if i was being forced to listen to him . 
 it was weird because part of me wanted to fight it , but another part of me was telling me to lower my head , which i did . 
 the rest of the table looked at nick then quizzically , and he shook his head and shrugged . 
 the rest of the school day was boring , i did n't see nick again . 
 i did have the rest of my classes with maddi though , she was smart for her age , she knew all the answers to the questions that the teachers would ask us once they saw that we were talking . 
 as i was walking home a red bmw sports car pulled up beside me . 
 the window rolled down and i could see carly in the drivers seat and that jess was in the passenger seat . 
 `` stay away from nick , understand ? 
 he needs a real woman not some scrawny little wan na be . '' 
 , carly sneered . 
 i looked at her a moment before bursting out with laughter . 
 if she thought nick would want me in a million years she was clearly in another dimension . 
 she obviously took my laughter to be something else though . 
 jess pulled a knife out of the glove compartment and put it high enough just so i could see it . 
 i blanched and they laughed , `` stay away from him . '' 
 , she said before speeding off . 
 i was n't afraid of them , i was however afraid of that knife . 
 i walked the rest of the way home thinking about what had happened . 
 however , my mind kept straying to those green eyes . 
 he was perfect , although i was wondering why everyone was confused at dinner . 
 i did n't understand why he did n't want people to see my drawings , they were n't that bad and it was n't like he had seen them . 
 i got changed as soon as i went home , i wanted to go to the lake before it got dark , i missed my wolf . 
 i felt like i could talk to him about things and that he would somehow understand . 
 i knew it was a silly thing to think , but i could n't help feeling like i could trust him . 
 as i was walking out i grabbed a banana , the forest was dry as there was no rain the night before . 
 i could hear the birds singing and closed my eyes as the breeze blew my hair behind me . 
 the lake was empty so i decided to sit down and wait for him . 
 i knew he would come , i had a gut feeling . 
 i decided to get on with my homework while i waited . 
 i pulled out my math books and started with that , i was good at math , i always had been . 
 i enjoyed it as well , it was back and white , you were either wrong or right , none of this in between business . 
 i was reading through a book on world war two for my history project when i heard the snap of a twig . 
 i turned around and there he was , my black wolf . 
 my breath caught , he was just so beautiful . 
 he padded over to me and laid down . 
 i reached out and ran my fingers through his fur . 
 i sighed and rested my head against him . 
 i showed him all of the sketches that i had in my book and he looked at them studying each one curiously . 
 i then told him about the places that i 've lived in . '' 
 ... and that 's how i ended up here . 
 although mom says that we will stay here a while , i am trying not to get too used to it because i know that i will only be heartbroken leaving all the people i 've met . '' 
 he nodded as if he understood . 
 i was leaning my back against his side , i loved this moment , i wish i could sketch it . 
 the sun was low but i did n't care , i trusted him and knew that he would n't let anything happen to me . 
 i must have fell asleep because when i awoke it was to growling , lots of it as well . 
 we were surrounded by wolves of all shapes , sizes and colours . 
 there was one that stood out though , he was big , bigger than my wolf and black . 
 he must be the leader , oh what we 're they called ? 
 oh yes , alphas . 
 he must be the alpha , and i must say he did n't look like a happy one . 
 my wolf stood in front of me growling at the wolves . 
 i did n't know what to do , i got up slowly and the growling grew louder , my wolf turned around to see what i was doing . 
 that 's when the alpha attacked , he bit my wolf on the neck and pulled him down , pinning him to the ground before he could do anything . 
 i cried out asking them not to hurt him . 
 the alpha looked at me right in the eyes and i could n't help but lower my head , he released my wolf and came over to me . 
 my wolf was right at his heels and it was like they were communicating between each other , the alpha circled me sniffing . 
 he growled in what i could only describe as confusion . 
 he then turned on my wolf as if telling him something . 
 he then turned and left , my wolf turned and followed him . 
 i stared after them , wondering what had just happened . 
 a light brown wolf came up to me and nudged my leg with his body , as if telling me to follow him . 
 i did and we ended up at my house . 
 he left me at the edge of the woods , my stuff was still in there but i did n't care . 
 i walked up to my bedroom , not bothering to eat , i knew something big had just happened , i just did n't know what . 
 chapter five my dad was angry , i could feel it vibrating off him . 
 he found me in the forest , i had fallen asleep listening to the sound of alysha 's deep breathing . 
 she was perfect , she was his mate . 
 he knew it , his wolf knew it , even though he could n't pick up her sent he knew it was her . 
 `` you are to be mated nick ! '' 
 , his father bellowed . 
 as alphas son it was his duty to mate someone of a different pack , so that we could be reunited as one . 
 since i was born i was made to marry the first born daughter of chris norwel , the alpha of a pack up north . 
 although i knew my duty i had always wanted to find my mate and mate with her , and now that i have found her it just makes me feel worse that i have to leave her to be with another . 
 we rarely mated humans because we did n't like revealing our secret to them , they could n't be trusted , if they knew about us they would lock us up and experiment or hunt us . 
 i had never met the girl that i was to mate with , she was coming down in two days with her father , we were to be mated then in the summer . 
 we would have both finished school then and humans would n't ask questions . 
 i could n't stop thinking about alysha though , the way her grey eyes would twinkle when she laughed , the sound of her laugh was amazing too , like music to his ears . 
 his wolf growled in agreement , he was n't happy about the arranged mating , but he could n't argue with his alpha . 
 `` i know father , but - '' `` no buts nick , you are to be mated to chris norwels daughter and that 's final ! 
 i forbid you to see this girl that you have been spending time with , and in wolf form nick ! 
 are you trying to expose us all ? '' 
 , his father asked , levelling his blue eyes at him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'll stay away from her . '' 
 , i said lowering my head , i knew what my dad was like when he was in one of these moods . 
 he watched his dad rake a hand through his black hair , that was starting to turn grey . 
 just then his mother walked in , she had her blond hair in a bun and her green eyes turned to a look of sorrow as she saw me . 
 `` perhaps you could have a word with chris , dave ? 
 he might understand under these circumstances , it is not every day a wolf finds his mate . '' 
 he could kiss his mum at that moment , at least someone was on his side . 
 `` and let all of the other packs make a laughing stock out of me ? 
 i think not , this has been arranged since before they were born , if this mating does not happen it means war . 
 you know that as well as i do . '' 
 , his dads eyes softened as he looked at his wife . 
 they were a love match not an arranged mating . 
 i wanted to scream and cry and tear the place apart . 
 i was struggling to keep my wolf under control , he wanted to go to his mate and be with her . 
 calm down , i told the beast trying to sooth it , everything will turn out how it 's meant to be . 
 i just hoped that it would be alysha that i would be mated to . 
 chapter six everyone seemed to be ignoring me today , it was odd . 
 dan did n't turn up to history , yet i saw him in the hallways . 
 when i tried to corner him to ask what was wrong , he would just turn around and walk the other way . 
 the rest of my classes were no different , where as yesterday me and maddi were joking around , she did n't even sit by me today . 
 something had defiantly gone on . 
 even when i passed ed in the corridor he did n't smile like he had yesterday . 
 how could everyone change so fast ? 
 the only person that actually smiled at me was carly , and that was a smile that told me that she knew something that i did n't . 
 at lunch i sat by myself again , on the table by the smelly bin . 
 i did n't know what was wrong , first my black wolf last night and now this , the only friends that i have ever had and they 're gone . 
 i felt like crying , i just wanted to go home and wake up from this nightmare . 
 so that 's what i decided to do , i went home . 
 no one was there when i got home , no surprises there . 
 i had n't seen my mom in a few days . 
 the time i needed her the most and she is n't around , typical . 
 i walked to my room and turned on the t.v , i wished that i had my sketch book , i really feel like drawing . 
 i must have dozed off because i was woken suddenly by the door bell . 
 i looked at my clock and saw that it was five in the afternoon . 
 i walked sluggishly down the stairs and opened the door . 
 no one was there , i was just about to shut the door when something caught my eye . 
 my sketch book , bag and homework were neatly piled on the step . 
 i looked around and did n't see anyone . 
 i grabbed my things and took them to my room , i looked through my book and gasped when i noticed the sketch of my wolf was n't there . 
 someone must have ripped it out , i suddenly felt like crying , tears welled up in my eyes . 
 why would someone take it ? 
 i doubted that i would see him again , if the way he acted last night was any indication . 
 i went over to my window seat and sat down hugging my sketch book close to me . 
 `` alysha ? '' 
 , i heard someone shout . 
 i walked down stairs to see my mom holding a pizza box in one had and a bottle of coke in the other . 
 i smiled and my stomach rumbled as i smelt the food . 
 i walked over to the table and sat down while mum pulled two glasses from the cupboard . 
 while we ate she asked me about school and the friends that i made , i told her that i made some friends and told her about maddi and dan . 
 i asked her about work and she said it was going great and that they like her ideas . 
 `` alysha what 's wrong ? '' 
 , she asked when she noticed that i had hardly ate my food . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 , i said and walked towards the back door . 
 **** i heard the door open before i saw her , she walked out with a tear stained face . 
 my wolf whined , wanting to rush over there and comfort her . 
 she was so beautiful , even when she was crying . 
 i heard someone come up behind me and was just about to growl when i recognised dan 's sent . 
 he came up beside me , he knew that alysha was my mate , he sensed it the first day in the coffee shop , or so he says . 
 alysha sat down on a bench , the wind blowing back her black blue hair , the moonlight making her grey eyes sparkly . 
 i was just about to go over to her when a woman walked out behind her and went to sit next to her . 
 she was slender with brown hair and eyes , it must be her mother , they did n't look that much a like , the shaped faces were the same though . 
 alysha must look more like her dad , i wondered where he was . 
 `` honey what 's wrong ? '' 
 , her mom said stroking her hair . 
 oh , how i would like to stroke her hair . 
 `` nothing , it 's just this boy at school . 
 i ca n't stop thinking about him and its annoying . '' 
 her mother laughed . 
 `` ah , it was the same for me when i met your father . '' 
 he picked up interest at that , and saw that dan did as well . 
 when she would talk to me when i was in wolf form she never spoke of her dad , which led me to believe that he left them or that he died . 
 `` what was he like ? '' 
 , alysha whispered . 
 her mother sighed . 
 `` he was handsome , i had never seen a guy quite like him before . 
 he was funny charming and kind , but it just was n't meant to be . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 , alysha had sat up by now , as if this was a life line that she needed to hang onto before it disappeared . 
 `` his family did n't approve of me , they wanted him to marry another girl . 
 in the end he would have , it was just a matter of time . 
 i knew that i was pregnant with you , but i was early on and he did n't notice it yet . 
 i made the decision easier for him by leaving . 
 i took the bus to san francisco and by the time he noticed that i was gone , it was too late . '' 
 i watched as alysha absorbed it all , she had clung to her mothers every word , and i had as well . 
 she was my mate and i wanted to know everything about her . 
 `` you look like him you know . '' 
 , her mother said . 
 alysha stood up and said she wanted to be alone , her mother agreed and went inside . 
 **** she needed to be alone , all this time she thought that he dad left because of her , because he did n't love her and she finds this out . 
 she wondered if maybe she should ask where he is and visit , maybe he would accept her . 
 she had always wanted a father , but her mom had never remarried , or in fact had a boyfriend . 
 her mother seemed content with just the two of them . 
 she walked into the forest , she needed him , she needed her wolf . 
 he would comfort her , he would listen to her rant about how unfair this was . 
 she got to the lake and there was still no sign of him . 
 the next thing she knew she was being tackled , she could hear the wolf snarling on top of her . 
 when they stopped rolling she found herself pinned under a grey wolf , she struggled trying to get up but could n't . 
 the wolf stared down at her and opening its mouth to snap at her . 
 she screamed and the next thing she knew the wolf had been ripped off her . 
 she looked over and saw her black wolf fighting , her wolf had the advantage in weight though . 
 i could guess that the other wolf was a female , her wolf had her pinned down in seconds . 
 as this was happening she did n't notice all of the other wolves from yesterday approaching . 
 she looked around and found that she was surrounded . 
 a low piercing growl filled the air , the alpha . 
 he walked towards her , his teeth were bared and he looked like he was about to pounce when a scream filled the air . 
 i looked around for the source and found my mother running towards us . 
 i screamed at her to go back , but she did n't listen . 
 she kneeled in front of the alpha , saying , `` please do n't hurt my daughter , she did n't mean any harm . 
 let us go and i will make sure that she stays away from your kind , especially your son . 
 please . '' 
 she watched her mother beg , the alpha looked confused as he had last night . 
 he smelt her mom and let out a growl of frustration . 
 finally he let out a howl and walked away , his pack following close at his heels . 
 she went over to her mom and helped her up . 
 they went home and went i tried to talk to her about it she would just walk away . 
 i was missing something and it was big . 
 **** `` i told you '' , his father said pacing , `` to stay away from her , but no nick you ca n't follow one simply instruction can you ? '' 
 `` carly attacked her , i had no choice . '' 
 his father whirled on him , `` i told them to , if anyone sees her in the forest they are to attack but not kill , in the hopes that she will become scared and wo n't go in there again . '' 
 he let out a low growl , his fathers eyes blazed . 
 `` is that a challenge , son ? '' 
 , he whispered . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 , i said and quickly hurried from the room . 
 i went up to my room and heard a knock a few minuets later , i opened the door to find dan . 
 he had a sly grin on his face . 
 i grinned and knew that he had a plan . 
 the girl that i was supposed to mate was coming tomorrow and he knew that he had to stop it . 
 `` i have a plan . '' 
 , dan said with a wicked smile . 
 `` thought you might . '' 
 , i said grinning . 
 chapter seven my mom had n't spoke to me last night , well she had , but it was n't something i listened to . 
 she said that i should stay away from nick , i mean seriously ? 
 she was as bad as carly , ok so she had n't threatened me with a knife , but still . 
 as i walked into history i stopped when i saw that dan was in his seat today . 
 i smiled at him when he looked up as i took my seat . 
 `` hey . 
 sorry i was n't in yesterday , i was n't feeling too good . '' 
 , he said with a sheepish smile . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 i was worried though , it seemed like i had gone from a tone of friends to none yesterday . '' 
 , i said with a laugh . 
 maybe i had just been too paranoid . 
 we were quiet until class ended , we had a quiz . 
 it was n't hard but i really wished that he would have told us , i hate surprises . 
 `` i spoke to my folks , they 're cool with you coming round tonight to work on the project . '' 
 `` oh great ! '' 
 finally hopefully we can finish it now , i thought . 
 `` yeah i 'll take you there straight after school if that 's alright ? '' 
 `` yeah , fine . '' 
 , i said and walked off to my next class . 
 i still sat by myself at lunch but today was n't as bad as yesterday . 
 maddi talked to me during my classes with her , she looked a little nervous which was strange but i was happy that i had someone to talk to . 
 i waited for dan by his range rover after the last bell rang . 
 as we drove to his house in comfortable silence i looked out the window . 
 he lived right in the middle of the forest , he said that there was a road that led to his house and the little community if houses there . 
 he said that i should n't walk slow and that i should go straight to his house . 
 i found this weird , but dan was at times , he reminded me of an older brother . 
 i 've always wanted one but it 's too late now . 
 his house was brown and blended in well with the trees , i would have missed the turning if i did n't know where to look . 
 the houses were all the same , they were big and looked homey . 
 i sighed , this is the type of place that i wanted to live , i had always been drawn to the forest , ever since i was a little kid . 
 i hated the big cities that we lived in , i always felt as if they were closing in on me . 
 dan opened the door , the inside walls were a deep red and it looked like most of the house was , accept the kitchen was a dark green . 
 the house was pretty dark and i wondered if his parents were goth . 
 we went into the living room and there was a picture on the wall of what i could only describe as death . 
 they were defiantly goth . 
 i pulled the war book that i found out of my bag , we were almost done with the project and only had to write our conclusion . 
 was the war a good thing or a bad thing ? 
 of course it was a bad thing because so many people died and there was no reason for it , but on the other hand it was a good thing because otherwise hitler would n't have been stopped . 
 history had always been my favourite subject and i did n't mind learning about the things again . 
 i had already done a report on the war so i used most of that . 
 it only took about two hours to finish it and print it off with pictures . 
 dan suggested that we go to the main house . 
 he said that they were all close , practically family here , and that they all eat in the same house . 
 it was odd i must admit but i followed him anyway . 
 this house was bigger than the rest , it was still a dark brown but looked like it could room about twelve people and still have spare beds . 
 when dan opened the door , all i could see were stairs leading up and rooms on both sides , i could smell food in the air and hear laughter from the room on the left . 
 dan walked over to the door and pushed it open . 
 `` hi guys , thought i 'd ya know , bring a friend . '' 
 , he stepped to the side so i could walk in . 
 i gasped , sat at the table was nick and maddi . 
 at the head of the table was a man older than nick and slightly smaller in build . 
 he had black hair that was turning grey at the sides and bright blue eyes . 
 a small women facing opposite him turned around , she had blonde hair and forest green eyes . 
 these must be their parents . 
 sat next to nick was a beautiful red head , with grey eyes . 
 opposite her and sat next to maddi was a man , he had black blue hair and grey eyes , my jaw dropped . 
 for this was the man that i had been waiting all my life to meet , this was him , my father . 
 he looked at me curiously , noticing our similarities . 
 `` holy - '' , dan said . 
 `` but - '' , nick said . 
 `` it ca n't be . '' 
 , the man , my father said . 
 i felt tears come to my eyes , i knew this was him , i felt it . 
 he must have too for he stood up and came over to me . 
 and then he sniffed me . 
 he sniffed me like a dog would . 
 who sniffs someone ? 
 what a strange man . 
 `` why do n't you have a sent ? '' 
 , he asked . 
 i stared at him blankly . 
 why do n't you have a sent ? 
 what sort of question was that ? 
 i had just met my father and he greets me with that ? 
 i had fantasised about his for years , meeting him and how we would laugh and cry together and he would swing me around saying how much he loved me . 
 but instead i get this . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 , i asked generally confused . 
 `` she 's human . '' 
 , nicks ' dad said . 
 `` well obviously not , she is my daughter . 
 i just do n't remember making her . '' 
 i was obviously human , what else would i be ? 
 this night was just getting weirder and weirder . 
 were they not human ? 
 what could they be ? 
 maybe they were those weird people that had watched twilight and thought that they were vampires or something . 
 i could n't imagine nick sparkling like edward , his olive skin would n't look the same and a ghost white person like edward . 
 i blushed and said quickly , `` my mom ran away when she was pregnant with me , before you could find out . 
 she said your parents disapproved and that you had to marry someone else . '' 
 `` lilly ? 
 is that your mothers name ? '' 
 , he asked . 
 he looked like he was going to cry . 
 `` yes . '' 
 , i said smiling at him . 
 he cupped my face in his hand , brushing away the tears that i did n't know i had released . 
 `` how old are you , child ? '' 
 `` alysha , my names alysha . 
 i 'm sixteen . '' 
 he let a long breath out , he turned around and started pacing . 
 i still could n't believe that i had found him , ok so he was n't what i was expecting but he was my father none the less . 
 `` april '' , he said gesturing to the red haired girl , `` is my other daughter . 
 your half sister . '' 
 we both said hi to each other and went back to staring at our dad . 
 `` i was n't going to mate with her you know . '' 
 , he said turning , `` it was your mother that i loved , if she had stayed i would have mated with her , one way or another . '' 
 `` mated ? '' 
 , i asked , confused . 
 only animals mated and i knew he was n't an animal . 
 `` oh yes , you do not know do you ? 
 your mother has hidden it very well , i now know why she wanted those pills . 
 you 're a werewolf alysha , just like everyone else in this room . '' 
 i stared at him for a moment before i burst out laughing . 
 he raised a brow at me , this only seemed to make me laugh harder . 
 a werewolf ? 
 he was funny , werewolves were n't real , but even as i was thinking it i knew deep down that they were . 
 i knew that nicks dad was the alpha , and that nick was my black wolf . 
 `` i think someone 's been watching too much twilight and vampire diaries . '' 
 , i said laughing at the thought of them sat watching the dvd 's . 
 they all stared at me with frowns on their faces . 
 i knew they were serious then , they were werewolves . 
 i looked from one person to the other and i could match them up to the wolves in the forest , it helped that their hair and fur colours were similar . 
 i knew that the wolf that had walked me back to the house the other night was dan , he was a brown wolf . 
 tears were streaming down my face and i did n't realise i was in his arms before i heard nick trying to sooth me . 
 `` hush . '' 
 , he whispered in my ear over and over again . 
 `` you take pills every day , do n't you ? '' 
 , her father asked once she had stopped crying . 
 i pulled back and blushed at the mascara stains on nicks white shirt . 
 `` oops , sorry . '' 
 , i said to him before turning towards my father . 
 `` yes i do , how do you know ? '' 
 `` because your mother asked me for the name of the pills that will block out your wolf before she left . 
 since you did n't know that you were a wolf , my best guess is that you 've been taking them . '' 
 `` oh . 
 so what now ? '' 
 , i asked looking around at the shocked faces . 
 `` now you must stop taking those damn pills , but hide them so that your mother thinks that you 've been taking them . 
 once you 've had your first change , we will then go and have a chat to your mother together . '' 
 , he said with a wink , knowing my mom would freak out . 
 `` so she will be mated to nick ? 
 she is your first born after all '' , dan said . 
 my father laughed , `` by the look of how they are acting already , i 'm thinking that nick never wanted the mating between him and april , so yes , he and alysha will mate . '' 
 nick laughed and picked me up swinging me around before kissing me . 
 his lips were soft and i opened my mouth with a gasp when he run his tongue against my lips . 
 the world disappeared , all i could sense was his lips touching mine . 
 his outdoors sent was wrapping itself around me . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck , my wolf , my mate , mine . 
 we heard someone clear their throat and i pulled back blushing and hiding my face in his top . 
 i heard dan laugh , then the door burst open . 
 i turned to look at the short boy in the doorway , he was blonde with blue eyes . 
 he looked angry and nervous all at the same time . 
 i was amused by him , as i saw that everyone else was . 
 he walked right up to my father and said , `` april ca n't mate with him , sir . 
 i love your daughter and would be honoured if you would ... '' he stopped as my fathers laugh grew louder . 
 `` you can have her carl , i have found my other daughter so you two can mate because alysha is older , by three months . '' 
 carl looked at me in nick 's arms and then went over to april and kissed her gently . 
 i laughed and leaned into nick as he wrapped his arms around my waist , i had a feeling that this was how it was meant to be . 
 it made me smile to see everyone happy and laughing . 
 my happiness only lasted so long however , because at that moment carly walked into the room . 
 she looked at me in nick 's arms and scowled , she then looked at my father and smiled . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 , she asked sweetly . 
 `` well , we 've found out that alysha is chris 's first born and therefore she will be mated to nick in the summer . '' 
 , nick 's dad replied . 
 `` how exciting ! 
 i know how much they like each other . '' 
 , she said with fake enthusiasm . 
 `` yeah , i 'm the luckiest guy around . '' 
 , nick said pulling me closer and looking down into my eyes . 
 `` you better be getting back before your mother thinks something has happened to you . '' 
 , dad said to me . 
 dan had to drive me home so that my mum would n't suspect anything . 
 i missed nick already , it was weird knowing that in a couple of months we will be married , or mated as they call it . 
 i knew i loved him though , from the moment i laid eyes on him i knew . 
 my dad said that the effect of the pill should go in a couple of days and that my wolf will be trying to break through , he also said that it would probably be painful because i had n't changed before . 
 i was nervous and excited at the same time , i had always known that a part of me was missing and i 'm hoping when i 've got my wolf that i will fill the gap . 
 chapter eight it 's been two days since i first met my dad and found out that i 'm a werewolf , i stopped taking my pills and i could feel changes in myself . 
 my hearing was better and my sense of smell , literally i could smell food from five miles away . 
 if i thought that nick smelt good before my senses kicked in , he smelt incredible now . 
 he always smelt like the forest and to me he smelt like home too . 
 i had been spending a lot of time at nick 's , getting to know the pack and him better . 
 when i was n't with him i was with maddi . 
 she was teaching me about the packs history and about how her great , great , great , great grandfather came to settle at tree tops . 
 it was interesting , until her mom would come and collect me for my daily alpha female training . 
 now that was something that i found boring , i had to learn how to cook , clean and how to settle the pack when they had disagreements that could turn into a fight . 
 so far i had managed to burn sixteen meals , managed to turn clothes the wrong colour twelve times . 
 that was something you should have seen , defiantly when nick 's dad came down one day with a pink shirt on . 
 i laughed so hard i had tears rolling down my face , when he gave me a chilling look it just made me laugh even harder . 
 i did however , have to stop a fight the other day , nick 's mom does n't like people smashing her things . 
 anyway , they were two of the older males in the pack and they were arguing over sport , typical men , i had to stand in the middle of them and tried to calm them . 
 i ended up just losing it and punching them both in the stomach , i had a satisfied grin on my face when they both went down giving me evils , that was until i turned to face the door and nick 's mom was there staring at me with amusement . 
 nick would walk with me through the woods , sometimes in wolf form and others in human . 
 they think that if i am around changed wolves enough that i will change quicker and that my wolf will recognise her pack . 
 i can tell you for a fact that she recognises nick , she would always whine when he was n't with me and then yip happily when he was . 
 although i could sense her and hear her sometimes i could n't change yet , she wanted to come out i could feel it , but something was blocking the change . 
 the full moon was in two days and everyone was hoping that i would change then , so that i could run with the rest of the pack . 
 it was amazing how accepting they were of me , i had always wanted a large family and now i had one . 
 maddi was like a sister and a friend , and dan and ed were like brothers to me . 
 the only people that did n't actually like me in the pack were carly , jess and max , no surprises there . 
 i knew why carly hated me , she would always be jealous of what me and nick shared , she wanted to be his mate . 
 i thought that she just wanted the power that you get with being an alpha female . 
 nick did n't seem to notice her affection and when she flirted with him , when i told him about it he laughed . 
 `` i have never noticed before , are you sure you 're not getting confused with the respect that she has for me ? 
 maybe she 's just trying to please me because she knows that one day i will be alpha ? '' 
 , he said . 
 `` i do n't know nick , i feel like she wants to be your mate . '' 
 , i said biting my lip and looking at him through my lashes . 
 we were sat by our lake , we had a picnic and had a little fire going . 
 i loved being here under the stars with him . 
 he took my chin in his hand and kissed me softly . 
 `` you are mine . 
 i am yours '' , he said seriously . 
 `` i have been waiting my whole life for you and i thought i would never get to be with you when i finally found you . 
 i only have eyes for you alysha , i want . 
 no , i need you to believe that . 
 you 're my world now , nothing 's going to change that . '' 
 i could feel tears coming to my eyes , i had been doing that a lot lately , i do n't know what 's wrong with me . 
 i never cried before i came here , i was always emotionless , but that was the only downside i could find of moving here . 
 i loved nick , i had n't told him , whenever i went to the words would n't come out , but i knew he understood . 
 we did n't know each other well , that 's why we have been going on a date every night . 
 `` i know , i feel the same way about you . '' 
 , i said . 
 he kissed me again , his lips were always so soft . 
 i opened my mouth to allow his tongue access . 
 i could get used to this , it made me wonder why i did n't have a boyfriend before , but then it would n't be the same and i was happy that my first kiss had been with nick . 
 i always felt a spark when our lips or hands touched , it sent shivers up my spine . 
 `` right , lets get you home before your mom sends a search team . '' 
 , he winked at me and got up holding his hand out for me . 
 my mom still did n't know about me and nick . 
 i could n't tell her because she would try to keep us apart and i did n't want that . 
 she knew that nick was a werewolf and that 's why they could n't meet , whenever we would meet up it would have to be at his house or in the forest . 
 if we were out at the coffee shop we had to keep our distance and act like we were n't together , it was the same in school too . 
 i hated it , hated lying to my mom , we used to be close but then again i guess she has n't exactly been honest with me . 
 i still felt guilty thought , she had a good reason for hiding this from me and i wanted to find out what that was . 
 when we were on the outside of the forest by my house nick kissed me and phased into a big black wolf . 
 i ran my fingers through his fur , i was always shocked by how soft it was . 
 my wolf whimpered trying to get out , but it was still too early and she could n't , she wanted to run with her mate . 
 nick rubbed up against me and when i bent down he licked me on the face , leaving a trail of slobber behind him . 
 `` ewww nick ! 
 you 're gross ! '' 
 , i screeched laughing all the while . 
 he gave me a wolfish grin , lolling his tongue out on the side . 
 i laughed at him . 
 he yipped and ran off into the forest , that 's when i heard a howl , my wolf wanted to throw its head back and howl with the pack . 
 i walked into the house feeling depressed . 
 i could n't wait to turn and run with them , my pack , my family , my mate . 
 my mom was n't home when i walked in , i have n't seen her since she saved me that night in the forest from the pack . 
 from what my father has told me , she would n't want me becoming a wolf . 
 my wolf growled whenever i thought about what my mum had done to me . 
 i woke in the middle of the night covered in sweat , my body temperature rising . 
 a pain went through my body and i rolled over stifling the scream in my pillow . 
 forest , i had to get to the forest . 
 i climbed out of bed making sure to be quiet as i passed my moms room , so i did n't wake her . 
 when i opened the door the wind immediately hit my face , drying the sweat on my forehead . 
 i walked into the forest , the pain just seemed to be getting worse , when i got to the lake i screamed knowing that no one could hear me . 
 it felt like my whole body was on fire , i needed release , to change but i could n't . 
 i doubled over in pain and cried out , it was worse than what i imagined giving birth would be like . 
 i fell to the floor curling in on myself trying to ease the pain coursing through my body . 
 i needed nick here with me , he would know what to do and even if he did n't he would still try and comfort me . 
 he would try to ease her pain even if it was impossible . 
 my wolf howled clawing to get out , i pushed her back knowing i was n't ready for the change , this just seemed to make her try harder . 
 the pain subsided and i whimpered hoping that she would stop with this torture . 
 i felt dirty , covered in dry sweat but i could n't move . 
 i had no energy to even get up never mind go into the house and have a shower . 
 although the pain had stopped i knew that my wolf was up to something , she was quiet , like she was plotting something . 
 i was just dozing off when it happened , it felt like i was being ripped into a million pieces . 
 i could see the air around me shimmering , changing . 
 the colours were becoming brighter , i could see the bark of the trees in detail . 
 the pain stopped and i knew that i had changed , i was a wolf . 
 my wolf yipped and pranced around getting used to her feet , i knew that if she was human she would be poking her tongue out at me now . 
 i ran over to the trees and back , taking charge of my wolf before she done something else that was stupid . 
 nick and my father would be so excited when i told them tomorrow that i had changed , i would be told off because they told me to wait but i did n't really have a choice in the matter . 
 my wolf laughed at that thought , i loved my wolf , she made me feel complete even if she was a pain sometimes . 
 i walked over to a tree and sniffed it , the smells were amazing , i could tell that recently a squirrel had climbed this tree . 
 i walked over to the lake , to the spot where me and nick had sat earlier and i could smell him . 
 my wolf howled searching for her mate , i could n't stop her from throwing her head out and calling for him . 
 there was no reply and she whimpered but i soothed her by saying that he was asleep and would join us tomorrow . 
 she agreed with this and turned to run into the woods , towards the main house . 
 the trees blurred passed us as we ran towards our mate , i do n't know what she was thinking of doing , howling until he opened the window ? 
 i always dreamed that it would be a man outside my window in the middle of the night , not the other way round . 
 before we got to the house my wolf reared off into a different direction , she could smell something , food . 
 she crouched down behind a bush before pouncing on the poor rabbit . 
 to be honest , i did feel sorry for him but i knew that it was the way of the wolf and that it was just like me eating a burger . 
 this would defiantly take some getting used to , after she had devoured the rabbit she was back to the task of looking for her mate . 
 once we were at the house nick 's sent was stronger , she sniffed around the house until she was frustrated enough and just threw her head back howling , obviously giving up the search of finding his bedroom . 
 **** my wolf awoke me and i looked around the room startled . 
 he was whimpering and trying to break free , he had to get to his mate . 
 i pushed him back wondering what had gotten him in such a bad mood . 
 then i heard it , the howl of a wolf calling its mate , my wolf wanted to howl in response . 
 alysha had changed ? 
 i sat up quickly in bed pulling on my jeans and a shirt . 
 i walked outside in search of my mate , she was no where to be seen . 
 i went back to my room thinking that my wolf must have been mistaken . 
 i was just drifting back off to sleep when i heard the howl again , closer this time . 
 in fact it was so close i would n't be surprised if the whole house woke up , it sounded like she was right outside . 
 i walked to my bedroom door , thankful that i did n't take my clothes off before i got back into bed . 
 i was right , as i walked out of my door my father and mother were coming down the hall . 
 my dad was angry , he never liked being woken up from his beauty sleep . 
 chris and dan were coming down another hall and maddi peaked out from her room , which was across from mine . 
 `` what in the devil is going on ? '' 
 , my dad bellowed , taking the stairs two at a time . 
 i was right on his heels as he opened the door . 
 there stood a beautiful white wolf , howling at the house , calling for her mate . 
 seeing her made my wolf respond and he nearly changed before i pushed him back down . 
 alysha was as beautiful in wolf form as she was in human form . 
 she was slender and snow white , her grey eyes standing out making her look like a snow princess everyone stood staring at her and she yipped bounding over to me and tackling me to the ground . 
 i laughed and smoothed her , her fur was thick and soft . 
 she licked me on the face before bouncing to the side with her tail wagging , she wanted me to turn so we could play , she was so cute . 
 `` well are n't you a beauty ? '' 
 , chris said coming up to get a better look at his daughter . 
 alysha wagged her tail and yipped , her wolf clearly enjoying the compliment . 
 chris chuckled and my father said , `` well this is a surprise , i thought we were waiting until the full moon ? '' 
 he raised a brow at the wolf . 
 `` but never the less , it was worth losing beauty sleep over . '' 
 everyone laughed at this and alysha gave a wolfish chuckle . 
 she came up to me and nipped me playfully on my heels and i reached out to smooth her . 
 i turned to my dad and he nodded before i phased to join her . 
 black and white , we were perfect together . 
 **** nick phased into a black wolf and my wolf yipped . 
 he yipped back before rubbing up against me and then running off . 
 i followed him running into the woods , i was n't as fast as him , but i did try to keep up . 
 i looked away my eyes following a rabbit that i saw hopping about , when i turned back to see where nick was he was gone . 
 i looked around panicked thinking that maybe i had missed a turning , as i was about to go back sniffing all the way he jumped out , tackling me to the ground and rolling over until he was on top . 
 i tried to push him off me but he would n't budge , he grinned down at me before racing off again . 
 two could play this game , i ran for a bit and then hid behind a bush . 
 after a while he must have noticed that i was n't following him because he turned back , as i was about to pounce he turned and raised a brow at me . 
 i was busted . 
 he pounced once again pinning me to the ground , he rubbed his face against mine and then got off . 
 i ran in front of him and he nipped on the back of my heels playfully . 
 i loved this , running with my mate through the forest , the stars twinkling above us . 
 it was perfect . 
 we ran until we got to our lake , we then walked over to the water and each took a drink . 
 nick phased back and my wolf got confused . 
 `` alysha , you have to push her back or imagine rains around her neck or a leash and pull her back . 
 i think she has had enough for one day , she can come back out tomorrow when i show you both how to hunt . '' 
 , he said crouching down to look into my eyes . 
 my wolf whimpered not wanted to change , but i done what nick suggested and imagined a leash around her neck and pulled . 
 i felt the air shimmer around me , i thought of my clothes because maddi had warned me that if you did n't think them back you would end up naked . 
 i knew when i was back in human form because the colours and details had died down and gone back to normal . 
 `` well that was fun . '' 
 , i said smiling shyly at nick . 
 he grinned , pulling me into his arms . 
 `` your wolf is so beautiful . 
 she 's white , like snow . 
 you remind me of a snow princess . '' 
 i blushed and buried my head into his neck , inhaling his sent . 
 he smelt of the forest and home , it was funny how i considered his house home more than my own . 
 i was there most of the time now though , so maybe that was why ? 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't wait until the full moon , it 's just that i woke up and the pain was too much . 
 then it stopped and the next think i know , i 'm in wolf form . '' 
 , i said needing to explain it to him . 
 `` i know , the first change always happens unexpectedly . 
 hell , i first changed when i was in the bath , can you imagine the look on my mothers face when she came into the bathroom and it was torn apart from where i had tried to get out . 
 after my run with the pack i had to phase back naked as well because i did n't have clothes on when i changed . 
 it was so embarrassing ! '' 
 i pulled back to look at him , he was blushing . 
 nick was blushing ! 
 nick never blushed ! 
 i could n't help it though , i laughed , i could imagine the exact way his mother would have looked . 
 she always liked the house neat and tidy , i could only imagine the damage that he must have done . 
 nick chuckled and smoothed my hair back away from my face . 
 i looked into his green eyes and could see the love in them , i could n't hold it back any longer . 
 `` i love you , nick . '' 
 , i said quietly , looking up at him through my lashes . 
 he grinned picking me up and spinning me around . 
 i giggled and when he put me down he kissed me . 
 his hands we in my hair , running through it , he always told me never to cut my hair because it was his favourite thing about me . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck opening my mouth so he could have deeper access . 
 he pulled back and i whimpered , i hated when he done that . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 , he said , green eyes twinkling . 
 chapter nine the school day went fast , i could n't wait for tonight because nick promised me that he would take me hunting . 
 my wolf was excited , but she did n't like that we only saw him at lunch and in the hallway . 
 she wanted to be near him all the time , i told her to stop being so obsessive or he would leave us . 
 she answered by turning around and sticking her tail up at me . 
 after school i stood by dan 's car waiting for him , that was the arrangement . 
 i had to ride to the main house with dan so that if we passed my mom she would n't ask questions , she did n't know that our history project was done and that we had handed it in a couple of days ago , so she thought we were working on that . 
 it upset me that she was n't around anymore , i wanted her to share this experience with me and i hoped that when she found out she would be happy for me . 
 my dad was staying in town until after the full moon , which is the day that we planned to tell her that i had changed . 
 apparently wolves could be on edge on the final days leading up to the full moon , we had to control our wolves a lot more . 
 i could already tell that the pack was on edge , there had been more fights to stop than usual . 
 when we got to the house i hopped out of the car and handed my things to dan , he took them and walked into the house saying that he hoped a rabbit bit my tail . 
 i laughed and shook my head , i knew that dan had had a crush on me when i had first moved to this town . 
 it was upsetting that i could n't see him that way , but i was more than happy with nick . 
 i stood staring at the forest when nick came over and wrapped his arms around my waist , hugging me from behind . 
 i nuzzled him and then we walked into the forest hand in hand . 
 we both phased and my wolf was ready to get down to business . 
 nick showed me with patience how to hunt , i had already scared off three rabbits and five deer . 
 when i finally mastered the art of hunting i did n't want to stop , i liked showing off in front of my mate . 
 he knew what i was doing of course and let me , always rubbing up against me when i had done good , my wolf would yip with pride . 
 once i had finished the deer nick came over to me and licked the blood off my snout and i did the same with him . 
 wolves in the pack had a telepathic link when they were in wolf form , but because i had n't yet had my welcome ceremony , i did n't have that link so if me and nick wanted to talk we had to do it in human form . 
 mated pairs had a special link between them though , it was called a blood bond . 
 maddi had told me that the only way to break one was by death , only mates that were in love done it , or alpha 's firstborns that were forced to mate . 
 i wondered if one day me and nick would have something like that , he had never asked me , he had n't even told me about it , his sister did . 
 nick phased and said , `` listen , i have to go back , there have been hunters on our land and sasha has been shot . 
 i want you to go back to the main house where i know you 'll be safe . '' 
 i whined , not just because a pack mate had been shot but because i did n't want him to put himself in danger . 
 i knew that he had to go though and i nodded my head and rubbed up against him before leaving and running towards the pack house . 
 i never did get there . 
 **** i watched as alysha ran off , i wanted to go with her to make sure that she was safe but i had to go and see the place where sasha had been shot . 
 i wanted to disobey , but it was alpha 's orders and you could never go back on those . 
 i phased back into wolf form and ran off into the north side of our land . 
 i could smell the gun powder before i had even arrived , everyone was in human form so i phased . 
 on the ground was a patch of blood and my wolf whined hoping that sasha was ok . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 , i asked looking at my father . 
 `` sasha was out on a run , when she did n't return after two hours her mate started to get worried . 
 he could n't feel anything through the bond because she was blocking him out so that he could n't feel her pain . 
 he came straight to me and we all went to search for her , she was shot in the leg , nothing serious but we still have to keep an eye out . 
 we 're trying to pick up the hunters sent but we ca n't find anything . '' 
 , his father said . 
 `` she 'll live ? '' 
 `` yes , if we did n't find her when we did though i doubt she would have . 
 she lost a lot of blood and when she wakes up again i am going to have a word with her about blocking out her mate . '' 
 i walked around trying to pick up a sent , i could smell perfume and lot of it . 
 someone was trying to mask their sent , when i mentioned this to my father he already knew . 
 `` makes me wonder if we are dealing with one of our own kind , or if we are dealing with someone that knows about us . '' 
 , his father had a worried expression on his face , this was n't good . 
 **** back in the house i went in search for alysha . 
 she was n't in the living room or in the kitchen . 
 i went upstairs to see if she was in my room , she was n't . 
 my wolf whined , he knew that something was wrong , alysha would have listened to him and would have came straight here . 
 she would have done this just because she was nosey and would have wanted the details about what was happening . 
 i walked into the kitchen and asked my mom if she had seen her . 
 `` no honey , she has n't been here all day . '' 
 , she replied . 
 i started to get a worried feeling in the pit of my stomach , i knew something was wrong but i did n't know what . 
 `` nick ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 , my mom asked . 
 she must have seen my expression , which was on of dread . 
 `` alysha was on her way here when i told her that sasha was shot . 
 i told her to wait here until i came back , but she 's not here . 
 i have a bad feeling mum . '' 
 `` maybe she has gone back home ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 , i muttered . 
 i walked out and phased , deciding that i would go over to her house and see if she was there . 
 the lights were off at her house , it was dark already and the temperature had dropped , winter was upon us . 
 i phased and went into the house , alysha always kept the back door unlocked just in case she needed to come in late in the night . 
 i looked around and found no one , she had a nice house but i knew that she did n't like being here . 
 she liked the activity and liveliness that she had with being in my house . 
 i phased into wolf form and headed back to the house . 
 i would tell chris what has happened and we would go from there , his wolf did n't agree with this , he wanted to tear the town down searching for his mate . 
 chapter ten i woke up , my head was killing me . 
 i tried lifting a hand up to my head but could n't , i looked down and realised that my hands were tied behind me , i was tied to a tree . 
 i tried to remember what had happened , shot , someone was shot and something about hunters . 
 oh no ! 
 what if the hunters had gotten me ? 
 i heard a familiar laugh and right then and knew that i was not captured by the hunters . 
 `` oh looky here . '' 
 , carly said . 
 `` sleeping ugly is awake . '' 
 i growled letting my wolf side come out . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 she laughed and came closer to me , she smelt strongly of perfume . 
 i turned my head to the side trying to breathe , i realised that we were on a cliff . 
 i remember nick telling me that on the far side of the pack 's land there 's a cliff , he always said that it was too dangerous to go to , i wanted to come here to draw . 
 i could see now why he said that its dangerous , the winds were strong and there was n't much space from the trees to the edge of the cliff . 
 `` why , silly , i 'm going to kill you . '' 
 , she said . 
 `` i did warn you did i not ? 
 i told you to stay away from nick and what do you go and do ? 
 you become his mate . '' 
 she spat the last word like it was dirty . 
 i laughed at how pathetic she was , she did n't like this though . 
 she back handed me , i tasted blood in my mouth as i turned my face to look at her . 
 my cheek was burning and i felt tears spring to my eyes . 
 i heard a deep laugh and saw max come up behind her . 
 `` i want a go ! '' 
 , he said . 
 he looked like he wanted to jump up and down like a kid on christmas . 
 it was sick , they both were . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 , carly said gesturing over to me . 
 he punched me , i think most people would call it a right hook , and it would have been good in a boxing ring and if i want the opponent . 
 i swear , he could have knocked out teeth if he had aimed higher , instead i felt my jaw slacken , i was pretty sure that it was broken . 
 but he did n't stop there , he bent down and slammed his fist into my stomach , it knocked the wind out of me and for a moment i could n't breathe . 
 then just for good measure , as he put it , he punched me in the eye , i could already feel it swelling up . 
 i could only imagine how i looked . 
 i did n't cry out however , because i knew that 's exactly what they wanted . 
 they wanted to hear my pain and they wanted me to beg to be let go . 
 i knew that nick would come for me though and i held onto that hope , it was just the timing that i needed to worry about . 
 `` nick will come for me . '' 
 , i told them . 
 max laughed . 
 `` i can take him . '' 
 `` he wo n't get to you in time anyway '' , carly said , `` you 'll be dead long before then . 
 i will then be the one to comfort him when he finds you dead at the bottom of the cliff , and then i will mate him and become alpha female . '' 
 so that 's what this is about , i thought . 
 she does n't love nick , she just wants the power that comes with mating him . 
 nick would never fall for it though . 
 you do n't know that though , my inner voice said . 
 what a time for it to come back ! 
 i watched as carly took hold of a knife and walked over to me . 
 i sent out a pray asking for god to take care of nick when i was gone , to give him the love and happiness that he deserves . 
 she walked over to me and put the knife to my throat , just then there was a snarl and a black wolf flew towards her , carly screamed and was pinned under the wolf . 
 i watched as he looked into her face and dragged his claws down the front of her body , digging them in as deep as they would go . 
 blood splattered everywhere and i knew that in a few moments she would be dead , nothing could stop the blood from flowing out of her . 
 `` watch out ! '' 
 , i screamed . 
 it was too late however , the black wolf did n't see the grey one sneaking up on him before he was pushed so hard that he stumbled and fell over the side of the cliff . 
 i screamed out calling nick 's name , thinking that he was the one who saved me . 
 **** i heard alysha scream my name and put on a burst of speed . 
 when i got back to the house we wasted no time and went out searching for her . 
 my father called all of the wolves that were in the pack house at the time and we left to search for her . 
 i could n't think about where she would go , or who would want to hurt her . 
 i could feel alysha 's mind slightly , it was strange because she was n't part of the pack yet , so i should n't have been able to . 
 i was being drawn into her , the next thing i knew i was looking out through her eyes . 
 i knew exactly where they were , they were at the cliff . 
 i watched as carly and max hit her , i could feel the pain that she felt and my wolf whined . 
 my anger grew and i knew that i wanted to be the one that tore them limb from limb . 
 no one hurt my mate and got away with it . 
 no one ! 
 i returned to my own head and told the pack members where they were and what was happening . 
 i whined when i sent the image to them of what i had seen . 
 my dad and chris growled and ran faster , my dad was the fastest runner in the pack so soon he was out of sight to us . 
 i wanted to be the one that got there first but i knew that he was the only chance she had of being saved . 
 i could already feel that something was going to happen soon . 
 i could see the image of a knife in alysha 's mind . 
 **** wolves burst through the trees and i noticed nick straight away , he took in the scene and then was on max . 
 there were snarls and growls as they fought . 
 i could n't take my eye off them , yes i did say eye , i could only see through the one because the other was swollen shut . 
 thanks to max . 
 i heard a whimper and knew that nick had been hurt but then he was on top of the brown wolf and digging his teeth into his throat . 
 max 's head flopped to the side as blood squirted over nick 's snout . 
 he dropped the wolf and came over to me , nuzzling my neck . 
 he phased and took the knife that carly dropped and cut the roped that held me to the tree . 
 he pulled me into his lap . 
 `` where 's my dad ? '' 
 , he asked just as a scream was let out . 
 i turned to watch helplessly as nick 's mom looked over the cliff at her dead mate . 
 she cried out again and i felt tears stream down my face . 
 i knew now that it was n't nick that saved me , it was his dad . 
 i watched my dad phase and go over to her to keep her from falling off the edge . 
 she beat against his chest before breaking down in his arms . 
 `` i 'm sorry nick . 
 so , so sorry . 
 i tried to warn him but it was too late . 
 he saved me . '' 
 i chocked up . 
 `` i ... i ... thought it was you . '' 
 , i stuttered around the lump in my throat . 
 nick looked down at me as tears slid down his face . 
 he cupped my face kissing me before ripping some of his top and wrapping it around my neck . 
 i did n't realise that it was bleeding before i reached up and my hand was covered in blood when i pulled it away . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 , he said , but it clearly was n't . 
 `` he knew what he was doing . 
 i 'm just glad that you 're alive . '' 
 he got up pulling me with him and then picking me up . 
 i watched as everyone phased and howled out of respect for their dead alpha . 
 i wanted to do it as well , after all he did save my life but i was too injured . 
 they then circled around nick and bowed their heads in submission . 
 i felt him straighten his back and stand tall , showing that he was accepting their submission , their acceptance of him as alpha . 
 i watched as nick 's mum done the same and i knew that i would do anything i could to help her stay on her feet . 
 chapter eleven it has been a week since i was taken , a week since nick 's dad was killed and a week since my first change . 
 after carly was killed jess told everyone that carly was also the hunter and that she shot sasha so that she would be able to get me alone . 
 she also said that max was her true mate and that he would have done anything for her and she took advantage of that , she also blocked out her feelings for him because she thought that he was n't worthy of her love . 
 nick 's mom went to stay with her old pack for a while to see her sister , she could n't look at me still and it made me sad to think that i was partly the cause of her sorrow . 
 nick told me that i was n't but i did n't believe him . 
 my half sister had gone back to her pack with carl the day that i had turned but my father was staying so that he could be there when i told my mum that i was a wolf . 
 maddi and nick were coping without their father , nick was always busy however with alpha things so i did n't see him as much as i wanted to . 
 me and maddi took over cooking duty and i found out that she knew exactly what she was doing . 
 nick had stayed by my side constantly when i went to the pack hospital for a few days after . 
 he was glad that i was ok but i knew he would morn his father when no one was around . 
 i took him to the lake as soon as i could get out of the hospital and i told him that it was ok to cry in front of her . 
 he then burst out crying and i held him while he did , trying to do everything in my power to comfort him . 
 at the funeral he said that his dad was a hero and that he saved his mate . 
 he also said that he hoped to be just as good an alpha and to carry on his legacy . 
 i was so proud of him and we went to his grave all the days after , he would talk to his father telling him about his day and i would watch him and be there for him afterwards . 
 my father said that he would carry out the mating ceremony for us because you needed an alpha to do it . 
 i was glad that he would be there , but i wanted my mom to be there as well , that 's why we were sat in the living room waiting for my mom to come home . 
 when i heard the door unlock i held my breath waiting for my mom to round the corner . 
 when she did , she froze looking between me and my dad . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 , she asked looking at my dad . 
 `` well i was here with my daughter april , she was meant to mate with nick . 
 however , on the first night there i met alysha here . 
 guess what she told me ? '' 
 , he asked . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 , she said looking at me . 
 `` i told him that he was my father , then i told him the story that you told me . '' 
 , i said smiling sheepishly at her . 
 `` so guess who will be the new alpha female of the pack here ? '' 
 , my dad said . 
 my moms eyes widened . 
 `` no . '' 
 , she breathed taking a step back and putting her hand to her mouth . 
 `` it 's what i want . '' 
 , i told her . 
 `` but ... but ... how ... you 've changed ? '' 
 , she asked , as realisation dawned on her . 
 `` yes . 
 dad told me about the pills and i stopped taking them , i was already in love with nick though . '' 
 i told her about what had happened over the passed couple of weeks and she sat down , shock on her face all the way through it . 
 `` oh my little girl ! '' 
 , she said coming and hugging me when i told her about what had happened last week . 
 i reassured her that i was fine and told her than no matter what i would mate nick and that i wanted her to be there . 
 `` of course i will , honey . '' 
 , she said wiping tears from her eyes . 
 i felt like my parents needed to have a little chat so i walked out of the room , happy that i was n't lying to anyone anymore . 
 i was excited for my mating ceremony , i had picked out a lilac dress , it was beautiful and came to my knees with straps that crossed at my back . 
 i knew that i would keep my hair down during it and i had been given a butterfly comb from nick 's mom before she left . 
 i had hoped that she would be back by then , but she said that she was n't sure . 
 i listened to the conversation between my parents pressed to my bedroom floor . '' 
 ... would have mated you if you had stayed . 
 after you left i mated with sally , we had april and then she died three years later . 
 i had hoped that you would have came back for me . 
 i still love you lilly , even if you do n't feel the same . '' 
 , i heard my dad say . 
 `` i love you too , chris . 
 i never thought that you wanted me , i thought your parents hated me and that they would do everything in their power to keep us apart . '' 
 `` they could n't force me to do anything . 
 it was n't my duty to mate with her , it was jake 's . '' 
 , my dad said . 
 jake was my uncle , my dad told me when he was telling me about his pack and his life . 
 jake was meant to mate with sally , but he ran away with his mate two months before he was meant to be mated to her . 
 this made my dad the next target , it was why he was the alpha now as well , jake was older but he ran so my father had to step up in his place . 
 i put my ear back down to the floor and heard my dad say , `` come back with me ? 
 we can get mated like we always wanted and you can take your rightful place by my side . '' 
 `` i ca n't just leave alysha , chris . '' 
 `` sure you can , she will be mated to nick in a week and i 've met the boy and i trust him to keep her safe and out of trouble . '' 
 i opened my door , i could n't let my mum do this , she had always done her best for me and the least i could do was allow her this little piece of happiness . 
 `` go ! '' 
 , i shouted and could hear their laughter . 
 i walked downstairs with a grin on my face . 
 `` you know you want to . '' 
 , i sang . 
 `` yeah , ok , i 'll go . '' 
 , her mom said . 
 my dad picked her up swinging her around and then kissing her . 
 `` ewww ! 
 that 's gross ! 
 you could at least wait until i was out of the room . '' 
 , i said wrinkling my nose in mock disgust , trying to hide my smile . 
 epilogue it 's been two years since i got mated to nick . 
 two perfect years . 
 the ceremony was amazing thanks to my mom , she took charge of everything and nick 's mom helped her when she came back days before , i can still remember it all as if it were yesterday . 
 nick and maddi were happy to see their mom , they kept her in a sandwich of children for most of the day , much to their amusement . 
 she seemed happier and was glad for the distraction of the mating . 
 i still remember that day , the pack surrounding us and waiting patiently , i knew they were really looking forward to the food though . 
 dan had picked me up in a bear hug before the ceremony telling me that nick was a lucky guy and that he hoped his mate was just like me . 
 my dad had walked up the stairs then saying i looked beautiful . 
 both of our moms had tears in their eyes when we completed it by kissing . 
 afterwards i danced with nick , who was a really good dancer and even made me look good , my dad on the other hand was a very bad dancer . 
 we kept standing on each others feet , which my mom found amusing , we could hear her laughing by the refreshments table . 
 we had looked at each other and then both turned poking our tongues out at her . 
 everyone had laughed at that , i could n't help but smile at the memory . 
 i was lucky that nick 's mom did n't want me anywhere near the cleaning stuff or her kitchen , so i did n't have to do the work that an alpha female had to yet . 
 i knew one day that i would have to but luckily she was n't ready to leave us yet . 
 she joked that i would kill them all with my cooking before the day was over . 
 i walked over to nick 's office and walked in without knocking . 
 he was on the phone , but i did n't care , i walked over and curled up on his lap listening to his voice vibrate in his chest . 
 he laid his hand on my slightly rounded stomach and hissed the top of my head before resuming his phone call . 
 i had never been this happy before , knowing that i had my mate and that my mom had hers was something that could make a girl happy . 
 my mom had moved to my dads after my mating ceremony and i knew that they would be happy together , we were planning a visit down next month for april and carl 's mating ceremony . 
 nick finished on the phone and looked down cupping my chin in his hand and tilting my head up . 
 he leaned down and kissed me softly and i sighed and nuzzled his neck where my bite mark was . 
 this was how life was meant to be , it was meant to be this perfect . 
 `` mine . '' 
 i whispered , my lips inches away from his . 
 `` mine . '' 
 he repeated before pressing his lips to mine . 
 book two coming soon forget me not chapter one i loved running , it was my favourite part of being a wolf . 
 i ran every day , mostly at night though , i enjoyed the beauty that the night brought to the forest . 
 i only hated one thing and unfortunately that thing was today . 
 it was my birthday , and i hated it . 
 i do n't mind the presents , do n't get me wrong , it 's the attention that comes with it . 
 i 'm the type of girl that likes being invisible and left alone , i love to just curl up with a book in front of the fire . 
 it does n't happen much though , what with the pack coming in and out all of the time . 
 sometimes i just wish that i could be mated to someone so that i could have my own house . 
 i did n't actually want to be mated to anyone , unless i was in love with that someone . 
 it probably wo n't happen though , my brother will soon mate me off , just as he was going to be before he met alysha . 
 they 've been mated for two years now and are as happy as can be , it can make you feel sick being around them for too long . 
 nick was over protective with her at the moment because she was in the final month of pregnancy . 
 i was happy for them , i really was , but when i needed nick the most he was n't there for me . 
 no one was . 
 my mum had gone back to her old pack so that she could heal with them , she came back for nick 's mating ceremony and then left straight after , she did n't even talk to me . 
 i have n't seen her since , she has n't even wanted to speak to me on the phone when she rings nick . 
 i was left to morn my father by myself , people got over his death quickly , but i have n't . 
 i will never get over it . 
 i had gotten up early to avoid everyone , the pack knows how much i hate birthdays , but they still insist on throwing me a party every year . 
 their selfish really , it 's just an excuse for them to get drunk and to party . 
 they do n't think about the effect it has on me , last years birthday was the hardest . 
 it was my first birthday without my dad , alysha 's dad had turned up and i felt as if she was rubbing it in my face . 
 after all it 's her fault he 's dead . 
 this year i was sixteen , the year that most females get mated at . 
 nick has been giving me pitiful looks lately and i knew that he was up to something that i would n't like . 
 it 's not that i do n't want to be mated , i do , it 's just that i feel too young . 
 i just want to morn and try and enjoy life at the moment , not picking out a white dress . 
 who am i kidding , i 'm afraid . 
 i 'm afraid to be mated , i 'm afraid to fall in love , i 'm afraid of the whole thought . 
 hell , i have n't even kissed a boy , never mind actually being in a relationship with one . 
 i ran to the edge of the cliff where my father died , they climbed down and got his body to burry , but i still felt closer to him here . 
 i would sit here for hours and talk to him , telling him how much i miss him and telling him what 's happening with the pack . 
 i sat on the grass near the edge , the breeze blew my light brown hair out of my face . 
 `` hi dad . 
 another birthday without you , more fake smiles to hand out . 
 i wish you were here to see me , you promised that i 'd have a car . '' 
 tears streamed down my face slowly . 
 `` nick has something planned and i know that i wo n't like it , i have a feeling that i will be mated off soon . 
 i wo n't be able to talk to you then though , so i wo n't do it . '' 
 i closed my eyes and listened to my surroundings . 
 how could a place that has seen so much death be so peaceful ? 
 i wiped the tears from my face and opened my eyes again , the sun was just starting to rise , it was so beautiful . 
 `` nothing has been the same since you left , i do n't feel part of the pack anymore . 
 it 's like alysha has taken my place , mum will talk to her and she is n't even her daughter . 
 it 's like i 'm invisible , i like it sometimes but i need them dad . 
 i need my pack and they are n't there for me ! '' 
 i could feel my anger rising , it always did when i thought about how i 'd been treated . 
 `` i wish i had died that night too . '' 
 i whispered . 
 i got up and slowly looked down to the place where my dad fell , i knew it was n't my time to leave , but i wanted too . 
 just one more little step and i would be down at the bottom of the cliff . 
 i sighed and walked away from the edge . 
 `` i should probably go and face the music . 
 how 's my fake smile ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i smiled , but even to me it felt as through i was just bearing my teeth . 
 i phased back into my wolf form , i was light brown , it was boring but beggars ca n't be choosers . 
 i ran the path that was familiar to me , i could probably do it in my sleep . 
 i was lost in thought and that 's why i did n't hear the hunter pull the trigger , or the sound of the twigs and leaves crunching under his boots , until it was too late . 
 i felt the bullet go into my back leg and i let out a howl of pain . 
 i heard him get ready to shoot again , but this time i knew it was coming and moved behind a tree , dodging the bullet as it flew by . 
 my back leg was burning with the pain from being hit , i knew that i could n't heel without removing the bullet , but i could n't phase until i had dealt with the hunter . 
 the first rule about being a werewolf was to never , ever tell a human what we really were . 
 i ran and could hear him trying to run behind me while reloading the gun . 
 it was his first and last mistake , i circled back and he was too busy trying to catch up to me that he did n't see the attack coming . 
 i jumped on his back , knowing it was safer than going for his side where he could twist the gun and let out a shot . 
 my claws dug into his back and he screamed in pain , i dragged my claws through his back and he cried out . 
 i knew that i should stop but i could n't , i needed this . 
 i needed someone to feel pain , like i have been for the past two years . 
 i leaned down and opened my mouth so that his neck was in my mouth , i then bit down drawing blood . 
 he was still alive however , but his life was fading quickly . 
 the blood was flowing into his throat and drowning him , he tried gasping for oxygen but it just filled his lungs with his blood faster . 
 once he took his last breath i started walking back to the house . 
 it was a painful walk because of the uneven ground , but when i got to the main house i knew that i would have preferred if he had hit his target and got my heart instead . 
 i opened the door and limped in . 
 i should n't have phased back because it just made the injury worse , but if i had n't no one would have found me . 
 dan was just coming down the stairs as i was closing the door . 
 `` happy birthday , princess ! '' 
 he said . 
 i hated him calling me princess , but he 's called me it since birth and in a way i was a wolf princess and my brother was the king . 
 i grunted in response . 
 he did a double take then and rushed over to me . 
 `` what the hell happened to you ? '' 
 he demanded , looking at my leg . 
 he picked me up and carried me into the dining room , setting me on a chair , he called for nick to get the doctor . 
 we had our own special doctor because we heal faster than normal humans and we could n't risk getting exposed . 
 `` hunters . '' 
 i replied , shrugging as if it was no big deal . 
 nick came into the room then with alysha trailing behind him . 
 she was wearing a dress and you could clearly see the massive bump that the baby had given her , she still managed to look beautiful though . 
 they both stopped and i could see their faces transform from shock to worry , in a matter of seconds . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 nick asked , anger radiating off him . 
 `` damn hunters , again . '' 
 dan replied before i could . 
 `` wait , what do you mean again ? 
 this has happened before ? '' 
 i asked confused . 
 nick , alysha and dan all looked at one another , as if deciding on letting her in on a secret or not . 
 this was ridiculous , i had a right to know , i was pack and it had effected me . 
 i should know what i 'm up against . 
 finally nick sighed . 
 `` it 's nothing to worry about , we 've just been having trouble . 
 we found some traps the other day and we could smell that humans had been on the property . '' 
 i was about to ask him to tell me more about it , because i could tell he was hiding something , but the doctor walked in . 
 doctor nelson , was considered tall for a wolf , the females were mostly short but she was a tall lanky woman . 
 she had a straight nose and would look over the rim of her glasses at you with her hawk like eyes . 
 she had greying hair and had a no nonsense attitude . 
 `` what do we have here ? '' 
 she asked while kneeling down and inspecting my leg . 
 she turned to the men . 
 `` will you please give us a moment so that i can clean the wound ? '' 
 they looked at each other , none of them really wanted to leave but with grumbles they left the room . 
 the doctor then told me to take off my jeans so she could have a clearer view of the wound . 
 i complied and she used a medical tool to remove the bullet , she then used a damp towel to clean it , before wrapping it up in a bandaid . 
 i would n't need it in an hour because i would be healed and back to normal . 
 she left and i went up to my room to rest . 
