 deux semaines -lrb- two weeks -rrb- by jeffrey miska vol . 
 # 1 of the `` sessions '' series published by jewimi book publishers copyright 2012 to find other stories and works by jeffrey miska , visit his website at http://www.timespirits.com smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 although this is a free book , it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy at smashwords.com , where they can also discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 *** ~ ~ ~ *** jay sat quietly watching the receptionist in the therapist 's office . 
 he occasionally glanced at her through the glass partition as she spoke on the phone . 
 the waiting room was almost empty , except for young woman seated against the opposite wall completely engrossed in her cell phone . 
 it was about then the side door to the room opened , and a thin man with glasses and light brown hair looked around the room . 
 the therapist introduced himself to his newest patient . 
 `` hi my name is terrance baynor , are you jay ? '' 
 jay stood up and shook his had with a pleasant smile , `` yup that 's me , nice to meet you . '' 
 `` same here . 
 `` he replied . 
 he held the door open for jay , motioning for him to enter . 
 they both walked down a quiet carpeted hallway to his office and jay could smell the scent french fries in the air , no doubt from someone 's fast food lunch . 
 entering the therapist 's office , jay glanced at the décor that was made up of unmemorable artwork and neutral colors . 
 `` have a seat jay `` the therapist said , `` oh , by the way , although my business cards say terrance , and that 's the way i introduced myself , i go by terry . 
 for some reason , the medical center likes us to have our full name plastered on everything . 
 god knows why . '' 
 `` terry it is then . '' 
 jay said . 
 `` as you can see , my name is a bit unalterable , so i 'm afraid jay is all you get . '' 
 terry smiled at the comment and sat down in his chair . 
 he looked jay over for a moment and asked , `` so what brings you to see me on this perfect summer day ? '' 
 jay replied , `` well , a lot really , but i guess i 'm here because i need to talk to someone about the way i 've been feeling lately . 
 it 's not good , and i ca n't really talk to my usual groups of listeners . 
 i have a feeling it would impact them in a very bad way . '' 
 terry said , `` everything you need help with is listed on my job description so we ` re good to go . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 jay replied , `` what 's going on . 
 well right now , i feel great , but there are times i feel like i 'm about to drown in grief and regret . 
 they seem to be happening more frequently and becoming harder for me to recover from . '' 
 terry replied , `` that 's not easy to go through . 
 `` you mentioned the word grief . 
 why grief ? 
 did some one close to you die ? '' 
 jay chuckled , `` that 's an interesting question . 
 the answer to it is a big yes and a confusing no . 
 i 'm not trying to be cryptic , but i did have someone immensely close to me die , but we have n't been close for a while now . '' 
 terry replied , `` i 'm sorry , it can be crippling to lose someone close to you . 
 was this a family member ? '' 
 jay said , `` no , not family . 
 no , naeva was the love of my life once upon a time . 
 i did n't think it was possible to love someone as much as i loved that girl . '' 
 terry nodded his head , `` i understand , have these feelings been getting in the way of daily activities like work , home , or sleeping ? '' 
 jay thought for a moment , `` i think i came today because i can see it going in that direction . 
 i 'm more or less just keeping it hidden inside , but it 's eating me up and getting worse the more i try to push it away . '' 
 terry smiled , `` this may sound like i 'm giving you the textbook answer but i ` m being sincere when i say , nice job coming to see me . 
 seriously , some people do n't even help themselves when they 're spiraling into deep depression . 
 you 're doing the best thing in the world by viewing this as a problem and doing something about it . '' 
 jay nodded and smiled . 
 `` you said you keep things hidden inside . 
 if i asked you what those things are , could you describe them to me ? '' 
 jay nodded , `` absolutely , in fact , it 's those things trapped inside of me that are killing me . 
 that untold story of how i met naeva , how we fell in love and how it got to be this horror i 'm dealing with . 
 i feel like there is n't anyone in the world who knows who naeva was through my eyes , you know , no one . '' 
 terry said , `` i think i understand . 
 you feel like there is some legacy to her memory within your experiences with her ? '' 
 jay got wide eyed and grinned . 
 snapping his fingers , he pointed at terry and said , `` perfect ! 
 you nailed it , that 's exactly what i 'm trying to say . 
 i feel like someone else needs to hear my story and really understand what kind of a loss this was when she died . '' 
 jay looked thoughtful for a moment and then glanced up at terry with a confused expression , `` that 's kind of weird is n't it ? 
 i mean it 's not like i 'm telling the world about this . 
 talking to you wo n't preserve her memory any more than now , but for some reason , i got ta do this . '' 
 terry said , `` sometimes it 's about validating your memory of her . 
 everyone has a story they want to tell . 
 your not unusual to need this as part of the grieving process , and as far as how you want to tell your story , keep in mind that this is your session to say the things you want to say . 
 i 'm here to listen and guide you , but if your story about naeva is what you need tell , then by all means tell it . '' 
 jay nodded and looked seemingly happy with what terry had told him . 
 he said , `` wow , you caught me off guard with that . 
 i was waiting to be grilled with questions . 
 i 'm warning you , it 's a long story , but you 'll be the only one who ever heard it '' , and added , `` or probably ever will . '' 
 terry picked up his notepad and looked at jay giving him his full attention . 
 with a grin he said , `` i 'm all ears sir . 
 i could start you off with once upon a time , if you think it will help . '' 
 jay grinned and settled into his chair . 
 thinking for a moment he said , `` alright , here goes . 
 this whole mess started a long time ago . 
 i mean like when i was in my twenties . 
 naeva and i met near a little town called saugatuck michigan . 
 there 's a beach their hidden in these huge sand dunes . 
 that ` s also where my friends and i would hang during the summer . 
 it 's funny we chose to spend time there instead of the usual dune hot spots , because that beach was just about the least `` cool '' place for people our age to hang . 
 saugatuck was known for its antique shops , artists and pricey souvenir stores and i would guess that the average age of the visitors there was probably , sixty years old . 
 as for me an my friends , i do n't think any of us were over 23 back then . 
 at that age , people over sixty looked so old to me . 
 how things change . 
 still having the old folks in the picture did n't mean a rat 's ass to us , because we never hung out in town anyway . 
 our summer days were spent on the beach . 
 god damn , it was a beautiful beach . 
 probably the prettiest beach i had ever seen and i ` ll say that until i die . 
 you know , i got to spend time in la for a few weeks , and i 'll never forget the way they went on and on about how `` totally awesome '' malibu was . 
 they would ask , `` dude ! 
 when are you moving out here to stay ? '' 
 the weird thing was , i spent time up and down the california coast , but for all of its hype , it did n't even come close to the sand dunes and shores of lake michigan . 
 in cali , swimming in the salt water left me feeling sticky . 
 why would you prefer water that you need to rinse off of you when you climb out of it ? 
 the scenery was scrub brush hills , and grass . 
 they were dull compared to the pristine sand and green forests that covered the dunes back home . 
 no disrespect to my friends from the west , but i 'm partial to the smell and feel fresh water and huge oak trees . 
 anyway , i got sidetracked . 
 that summer when i met naeva , we spent all day living in our summer skins on that beach . 
 it makes me laugh when i think of how carefree we were . 
 some nights we 'd build a campfire and fall asleep under the stars . 
 it was the best . 
 we used to rent a room at this amazingly cheap hotel that was way out of the main part of town . 
 the perfect thing about it was its location in relation to the beach . 
 if you climbed this huge sand dune that bordered the beach called mount baldy , there was a set of stairs through the forest on the far side , and it ended about 1000 ft. from the door to the hotel . 
 we all came in one car so how amazing is that ? 
 most people never wanted to make that exhausting climb every time they need go to their hotel room , but we did n't give a shit . 
 it was cheap and clean and the owner and his wife were really nice to us . 
 they treated us like we were their own kids sometimes . 
 really good people , you know ? 
 the date i me naeva , was july 7th . 
 i remember that because it was just after all of the 4th of july weekend tourists went back to chicago or grand rapids , or where ever they were from . 
 my friends and i thought that it would be a good idea to go up there for that week because we figured the crowds were gone . 
 we found out we were right , because the beaches were almost empty . 
 another reason could have been because the surf was really high , and there were riptide warnings . 
 that day , we spent our time swimming , playing volley ball , frisbee , you know , the classic beach stuff . 
 god knows we were never hungry , cause we loaded up on tons food and soda . 
 holly 's mom made us some fried chicken that we inhaled for dinner our first night there . 
 then we just started to hang . 
 my best friend ron always seemed to have some alcoholic beverage wherever we went , and on this trip he brought the huge bottle of southern comfort . 
 we mixed it with coke and ended up smoking some weed . 
 angie was always our little `` connection '' for that . 
 you know it 's weird , but now that i talk about that day , it pretty much described my whole existence that summer . 
 when i look back on it cherishing all of those memories , it seems other worldly now , like a dream you know ? 
 back then it was just , well ... . 
 life . '' 
 jay cleared his throat and said , `` hey terry , have you got any water or coffee or something ? 
 my throat is dry as hell . '' 
 terry replied , `` sure . '' 
 reaching into a mini fridge next to his desk . 
 `` bottled water ok ? '' 
 `` great . '' 
 jay said , `` thanks . '' 
 he took a sip from the bottle and placed it on the floor next to his feet . 
 `` that 's better , now where was i ? 
 oh yeah , we were getting high . '' 
 he laughed and repositioned himself in his chair . 
 `` so there we were laughing and having a blast , and of course , ron and his girlfriend cori stared to get a bit amorous with one another . 
 that never bothered me really . 
 not when anyone did it , much less my best friends . 
 angie however , would get completely pissed off when it happened . 
 i 'll admit that laying there in bathing suits and bikinis did n't leave much to the imagination when they would start getting hot and heavy , but i have to give angie credit , she was cool about the way she handled things . 
 it bugged her to have to watch it , but she was n't a bitch about it . 
 she just got up , and walked out into the surf , like she wanted to stretch her legs . 
 i always knew why she left . 
 with angie in the water and the love birds working themselves to a frenzy , that left me , holly and billy bob man . '' 
 jay smiled saying his name again in an quiet cheer . 
 `` billy bob maaaaaaan ! '' 
 jay chuckled . 
 `` he was a trip to hang with . 
 the billy bob thing was a nickname obviously . 
 his real name was william robert mann . 
 `` billy bob maaaann . '' 
 if you saw the movie `` animal house '' , billy bob would be an example of our blutowski . '' 
 terry smiled and nodded . 
 jay continued , `` as would be expected from billy , he asked if anyone wanted to smoke some more weed . 
 he asked that question a lot . 
 not that anyone was against it just then , but it was about 8:00 pm , and the civilized people started to load onto the beach to watch the sunset . 
 not the best situation for smoking pot . 
 as for me , my head was still spinning from smoking before . 
 i told them to go ahead without me and said i would to meet back there later . 
 ron and cori decided to head back to the hotel room . 
 what a surprise , right ? 
 the plan for billy and holly was to pull angie out of the water and disappear into the dunes to get very baked before they watched the sunset . 
 i would love to say how ridiculous and pointless that was , but it really was a blast . 
 i can assure you that i 've never seen a sunset that beautiful since i stopped doing that sort of thing . 
 terry , grinned , `` i 'll decline to comment , although i 've had my share of colorful college room mates over the years . 
 nuff said . '' 
 jay laughed and said , `` nuff said . 
 do you know that i 've always wondered why that night , i chose not to go with them . 
 i guess if you believe in fate , that would have been definitive proof of it . 
 i remembered that i was dying of thirst and had had to go to the bathroom , so we parted ways and i went to the beach house . 
 i drank a shit load of water which tasted amazing , probably because the sun had dried me out . 
 that and i 'm sure the booze and weed helped with the dehydration . 
 i just hung out behind the building in the shade , since the sun felt brutal to me after being cooked in it all day long . 
 i stayed there for quite a while and i remember the setting sun on the trees looked beautiful . 
 i finally just decided to walk back to the beach . 
 the sun was now pretty low in the sky , and as i got closer to our umbrellas and towels , i could see that angie was still standing in the surf watching the sunset . 
 she was in shallower water than before so i yelled her name a couple of times trying to get her attention , but she did n't hear me . 
 that 's not surprising though , cause the surf can be pretty loud when you 're standing in it . 
 i figured i 'd just walk out to her . 
 as i got closer i yelled her name again , yet still , she did n't turn around and i was starting to think that she was really upset about something , or pissed off but i could n't see shit because she was standing right in the sun 's reflection . 
 as i got closer i put my hand on her shoulder and said , `` hey , are you ok ? '' 
 in that instant , i felt like a total idiot , because as she turned and looked at me , i could finally see that this girl is not angie . 
 she must have seen the look of shock on my face , and all i could say was `` i 'm so sorry , the sun was blinding me . 
 i thought you were one of my friends . '' 
 i was expecting the usual , response of , `` no problem , it 's ok . 
 have a good night . '' 
 but instead , she looked at me for a moment , gave me this lovely smile and said , `` well , i am friendly , so there 's always the chance you found the right person . '' 
 i was speechless . 
 i mean , can you believe a person having the presence of mind to say something so clever 5 seconds after a stranger grabs their shoulder ? '' 
 terry smiled and remarked , `` i have to say , that is unusual human behavior . 
 i take it that was ... naeva ? 
 did i say her name right ? '' 
 jay nodded , `` yes , that was naeva ... and you got the name perfect , just like her . '' 
 jay took another drink from the water bottle and continued , `` well after i got over the shock of what she said to me i smiled and said , `` will you give it a try ? '' 
 she looked confused now and asked me , `` give what a try ? '' 
 apparently i had a burst of cleverness as well and said , `` we could try being friends , it just so happens that i too , am very friendly . 
 my name is jay . '' 
 believe it not , i think she was just as surprised by my response to her and she smiled back saying , `` my name is naeva . '' 
 as she spoke , i not only noticed her very unique name , but i could hear an accent of some sort . 
 i asked where she was from , and she said that she lived new brunswick in a town called st. john . 
 other than somewhere in canada , i was n`t sure where that was but looking at her i was n`t thinking about geography classes . 
 jay chuckled , `` hey , you know what always freaked me out ? 
 that whole interaction with her . 
 it was so strange . '' 
 terry tried to clarify . 
 `` strange because it was such a chance meeting ? '' 
 jay replied , `` well , yes that 's part of it , but what i meant was how comfortable i was just talking to her . 
 trust me , i am not a talented guy out of the gate with pretty girls , and naeva was beautiful . 
 i saw her that way from day one , even before i fell in love with her . 
 she had these dark eyes , chestnut colored hair and a smile that melted me . 
 i would have been content just to look into her eyes , but she had a beautiful body too . 
 in fact , her body was why i thought she was angie when she was silhouetted against the sun . 
 the way she looked at me , i had the feeling naeva liked me right away . 
 she gave me one of those up and down looks that girls do when they 're trying to be discrete , but if you have half a brain , you know they 're checkin ' you out . 
 i asked her if she was staying in saugatuck for a while and she said that she was on some trip with her sister . 
 her sister was a biology major and was on a dune ecosystem field study thing for her masters degree . 
 naeva just tagged along for company and to have fun for the summer . 
 the cool thing was , she told me she was staying for a couple of weeks . 
 i asked if she wanted to hang with me and my friends later and told her where we 'd be . 
 i also i said it would be pretty late at night because we had to wait to build campfires . 
 we learned along time ago to move down the beach and start fires late so the park cops would n't catch us . 
 i was n't expecting her to say yes , i mean i just met her can you imagine ? . 
 `` hey meet me late at night in the dark , alone on the beach ? '' 
 i 'm thinking nice job jay ! 
 the thing is , she said yes . 
 it freaked me out and i figured that my luck was going so well , i did n't want to risk being stupid or something by blabbering . 
 i just told `` that 's cool , see ya later , '' and told her was heading back back to find my friends . 
 she gave me that gorgeous smile of hers , and nodded with this little shy tilt of her head . 
 i started to walk back to the beach . 
 as i got about 20 feet away from her , she calls my name and says , `` jay ? 
 see , you did find the right person after all . '' 
 terry smiled and remarked , `` she sounds like she was a real charmer ? '' 
 jay looked almost sad when he said that and replied , `` she was , but ... . 
 well , yes she was a charmer . '' 
 terry waited for a moment giving jay an opportunity elaborate on his thought but he sat in silence . 
 terry asked , `` will you explain that to me ? 
 what did you mean by saying `` she was , but ... '' jay appeared as though he was trying to figure out a good way to answer the question and replied , `` she was a charmer , but not because she was trying to charm people you know ? 
 it was n't contrived or rehearsed . 
 that was just her . 
 i know you were n't implying that , it 's just , if you did n't really know her you might think ... . '' 
 he leaned back in the chair again and chuckled , `` how about i just keep talking , and you figure it all out ? 
 sound like a plan ? '' 
 terry nodded saying , `` that 's what i do . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 jay replied . 
 `` so , i ended up finding all my friends again , and told them about my random encounter with naeva . 
 i took one look in there eyes and scanned the vacant expressions on their faces and realized they were wasted off their ass and i mean toasted ! 
 plus , i did n't exactly get the most coherent responses after i told them my news other than . 
 `` really , that 's cool ! 
 awesome ! '' 
 they tried there best to add me to the party again , but knowing that naeva would be coming , i ignored their plea get high and just stuck to a few shots of liquid courage instead . 
 the night went on like any other , and we built a warm fire from all of the driftwood on the beach . 
 man , it was a gorgeous summer night , but the weirdest thing happened . 
 angie was acting really cuddly toward me . 
 i did n't know if she had too much to drink , or if the stars were lining up or something , but she was clingy and loving . 
 i was playing guitar and singing a song i wrote back in high school . 
 it was n`t the first time they heard it , but all of a sudden , angie started leaning on my shoulder with her arm around me , rocking and singing along and nuzzling me . 
 it freaked the shit out of me . 
 do n't get me wrong , angie was a sweet girl and very pretty , but she was going with this very big marine . 
 all i could think of was this dude going steven segal on my ass when we got home . 
 besides angie and i were friends , i mean that 's it , and to be honest i was cool with that . 
 angie was fun to hang with , but just not my type . 
 she was really quick to get pissed off at things you know ? 
 her dad was a royal asshole to her growing up , i 'm sure that did n't help . 
 anyway , it got to be about midnight , and i started to wonder if naeva would show up . 
 i was reminded at that point , that i did say we would n't start the party until later , and stupidly , duh , i did n't give her a time to show up . 
 i figured i 'd just wait it out , but when it got to about 2:30 in the morning , i gave up hope and got high . 
 as it turned out , she never did show up that night . 
 i was sitting there thinking , c’est la vie , what the hell , no big deal , right ? 
 still , the last comment she made to me about finding the right person , well , i really thought she would be there . 
 it got so late , that one by one we all dropped dead where we sat , and the three of us slept on the beach that night . 
 we just rolled up in our beach blankets and fell asleep . 
 in the morning , i woke up with the sunrise which only gave me about four hours of sleep . 
 although that sounds crazy , it was n't that weird , because i usually only need about five or six hours anyway . 
 with the booze and the weed however , i was surprised i was up at all . 
 more proof of fate existing i suppose . 
 i pulled the soap and my toothbrush from my bag , and cleaned up in the lake . 
 talk about waking up , damn it 's 65 degree water . 
 i was definitely awake ! 
 i knew that the rest of them would n't be up for hours so i messed around looking for cool beach stones that were kicked up by all of that surf the previous day . 
 we were a good quarter mile from the public beach and i started to walk back that direction . 
 i thought i would be `` awesome `` , and make the climb back to the hotel so i could get the car . 
 i was going to fill it with food and drive back to restock our supply for the day . 
 as i was getting closer , i saw a girl walking along the beach looking for beach stones , and from a distance , she looked a lot like angie . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 it was naeva again . 
 this time , when she saw me coming , i think she was more surprised than when i walked up behind her the first time . 
 she waved and walked toward me . 
 i yelled , `` someone 's up early '' , and wished her a good morning . 
 before i could even start talking , she said . 
 `` i 'm so sorry i did n't make it last night . 
 i was up late with my sister and i guess the drive here yesterday made me sleepier than i thought i 'd be . '' 
 she seemed so uncomfortable talking to me this time . 
 i felt bad for her because i know what it 's like to run into someone after you blow them off . 
 the thing is , its not like i was mad at her or upset . 
 i said , `` naeva , it 's ok . 
 you do n't need to explain . '' 
 then i surprised myself yet again and asked , `` we could have breakfast together . 
 did you want to have some breakfast with me ? 
 unfortunately , you 'll have to climb the dunes to get to the food or wait for me to drive it back . '' 
 she thought for a moment and said , `` sure we can have breakfast , but you do n't have to climb . '' 
 and she walks over to her beach bag and pulls out some granola bars and coffee in a thermos . 
 hot freaking coffee , can you believe it ? 
 what a girl . 
 as we sat in the sand sipping coffee , i could feel the life coming back into me . 
 naeva had her back turned toward the beach house and i was more or less facing her . 
 who do i see , but ron and cori returning from their evening of debauchery . 
 ron yelled out , `` what up chickens ! 
 hey angie , where 's b-bob and holly ? 
 alcohol poisoning ? '' 
 as he said that i laughed knowing that they , like me , thought naeva was angie . 
 i told her i did n't feel quite as stupid now and she turned to look back at them . 
 it was n't long before ron could see it was n't angie and said , `` oh , hello . 
 sorry about that . 
 man , i go away for 8 hours and i do n't ' know anyone . '' 
 naeva stood up and introduced herself and they made some small talk for a while . 
 shortly after that ron and cori , politely said their farewells and hobbled off to find the rest of our little group . 
 as they were walking away from us , they were holding hands and moving like they were one person . 
 they were moving down the beach slowly , caressing one another , kissing and looking into each other 's eyes like they were hypnotized . 
 at one point cori fixed ron 's hair and kissed him on his cheek . 
 naeva watched them in silence and then smiled and said , `` they 're so in love . '' 
 it took me off guard hearing someone speak so intimately about someone they just met , yet i admired her for how self assured it made her seem . 
 i said , `` that they are . 
 sometimes i think they 're the definition of being in love . '' 
 after i paused for a moment , i said something so honest and personal about myself i could n't believe i said it . 
 i said , `` i 'm envious of them . '' 
 when naeva heard me say that , she gave me the strangest look , almost as if i 'd said something wrong , and then she played with the sand in front of her . 
 i did n't know what to say at that moment , but as luck would have it , i did n't have to worry , because she started to speak and said , `` i have a confession to make to you . '' 
 i joked , `` well we just met one another , how bad could it be ? '' 
 i expected her to smile but she stayed serious and said , `` i was n't going to say anything , but hearing you say that you 're envious of being in love confuses me . '' 
 i must have looked lost because let 's face it , i was . 
 she started to nervously play with the sand in front of her again and said , `` my confession is about last night . 
 i did show up last night , and saw you with your friends . '' 
 i said , `` you did ? 
 oh , man let me guess . 
 we were all so over the top wasted , we were a bit too much right ? '' 
 she looked at me puzzled and replied , `` oh no , no not at all . 
 you all looked like you were just having a great time , that 's all . 
 i wanted to join you . 
 really . '' 
 now completely confused i asked , `` well why did you change your mind ? '' 
 she seemed so uncomfortable again trying to tell me . 
 in fact , the tension in the air was so thick , i wanted to help her out , although i did n't know how . 
 it was then she just came out with it . '' 
 she said , `` i got there about 11:30 . 
 the fire and the laughing made you easy to find . 
 when i got closer , i heard this beautiful music , and then i saw it was you playing a guitar and singing a love song . 
 i could see that your girlfriend was sitting next to you and you looked so happy together . 
 i felt a bit foolish , because when we spoke earlier , i thought you were asking me to , join you . 
 you clearly meant you wanted me to your group . 
 i misunderstood , do you know what i mean ? 
 i felt a bit , um , stupid . '' 
 when i heard her say that , i did n't know whether to cry or scream . 
 i just started rambling and telling her that angie was n't my girlfriend and how in all the years i 've known her she 's never done anything like that . 
 i just knew by her face that the was being nice , but there was no way she believed me . 
 realizing i must have sounded completely lame trying to make excuses , i just stopped in mid sentence . 
 then the i did something that was so out of character for me . 
 i took hold of her hand . 
 it must have shocked the hell out of her , because she looked right in my eyes and did n't even question it . 
 she just let it happen . 
 i said , `` naeva , i do n't know how you felt when we met last night during the sunset . 
 i only know how i felt , and i just knew i wanted to see you again and spend time with you . 
 you were n't wrong about that . 
 i asked you to come last night because i wanted you there with me , not my friends and angie is just one of my close friends . 
 i wanted to be with you because , well , i thought you were very ... . . 
 well , you just made me feel happy . '' 
 as soon as i stopped talking , i just dropped my head and looked down at the sand feeling absolutely mortified . 
 my brain screamed , `` what the fuck did you just say ? '' 
 but as i was about to run into the lake and drown myself , she took hold of my hand with both of hers . 
 then , she looked at the with the warmest most radiant face i 'd ever seen and said , `` are you going to have another fire tonight ? '' 
 i just nodded . 
 she started to move onto her knees looking like she was going to stand up , but to my surprise , she put her hands on both sides of my face , and kissed me just to the left of my mouth . 
 she whispered in my ear , `` i 'll be there tonight . 
 i promise . '' 
 as she rose to her feet , she told me `` i have to go now . '' 
 and she grabbed her towel and ran back toward her car . 
 it was then i noticed her bag and coffee thermos were still sitting beside me , and i yelled , `` what about your bag ? '' 
 she said , `` give them to me later ! 
 see , now you know i have to come back . '' 
 i watched her jog back toward her car , and disappeared beyond the beach house . 
 without a doubt , i felt so happy at that moment . 
 i could n't believe she kissed me . 
 hell what am i saying ? 
 i could n't believe i had the courage to open up to her like i did . 
 it just happened . 
 i was on top of the world at that moment and i sat there by myself for quite a while . 
 i just wanted to enjoy that moment , you know ? 
 i was n't sure if i wanted to share it with anyone . 
 it seemed like it belonged to me . 
 jay snapped his fingers and looked up , `` terry , you know , now that i 'm remembering how naeva and i met , it reminds me of a question i 've always had in my mind . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 terry replied . 
 jay said , '' i could never understand back then how naeva and i seemed to click from the first time we met you know ? 
 i always wondered if that was normal for people who just met like we did . '' 
 terry placed his note pad down on the desk beside him and said , `` first of all , i want to make it clear that like to avoid the word normal . 
 i 've found , that when it comes to human behavior , normal is about perspective . 
 what 's normal to one person is abnormal for another in almost every case , so the only question is , what 's normal for you ? 
 are you someone who likes to express intimacy quickly with people you meet ? '' 
 jay thought for a moment and said , `` that 's a good question . 
 i guess i always try to make it go that way . 
 i mean i hate all of that formal bullshit small talk that people do when they first meet . 
 `` nice weather we 're having . '' 
 jesus , it 's fake , it 's tedious and frankly it 's just dull . 
 we 're all people you know ? '' 
 he chuckled and remarked , `` so much for me becoming a politician . 
 still , as much as i try to avoid all of that formal ceremony , people do n't like to open up too quickly . 
 they like the superficial bullshit , do n`t ask my why . 
 i think it for them it 's safe , know what i mean ? '' 
 terry said , `` so not only is this behavior normal for you , but you aspire to bring it out in others . 
 you 're just unsuccessful because of their anxiety and comfort level when meeting new people . 
 does that sound right ? '' 
 jay nodded , `` sounds like your dead on . 
 damn you 're good . '' 
 terry asked , `` what about naeva ? 
 do you think she had a lot of those similar traits when meeting new people ? '' 
 jay replied , `` i would definitely say that 's true . 
 i mean i understand why we clicked , but the way we brought one another out of our shell was ... i guess the only way i can describe is overwhelming . 
 it was like tearing open a bag full of water , like an emotional flood between the two of us from day one . 
 she told me later that she was on the same emotional ride i was . 
 she never spontaneously kissed anyone she just met like she did that morning . 
 that was one of the reasons she left so quickly . 
 she was embarrassed she did it . '' 
 terry nodded , `` i can see that from what you ` re telling me , this was unique . 
 finding someone who can elevate your emotions like that can be very moving in a person 's life . 
 jay , i want you to continue with your story but before you do , i 'd like you to do something for me . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` for a moment , i want you to describe the type of person naeva was without using experiences or examples . 
 in other words , she was pretty , she was kind , she was happy . 
 do you know what i mean ? 
 `` not exactly '' jay said `` terry said , `` i 've observed that you have style of speaking that uses stories and metaphors to explain things . 
 i personally do the same thing so believe me when i say that i 'm getting a perfect image of your relationship with naeva . 
 what i 'm going for is just how you view her without worrying about whether i have the same vision . 
 am i being any clearer now ? '' 
 `` crystal clear , i get it . '' 
 jay sat back in his chair and smiled , taking in a deep breath . 
 `` ok then , no metaphors or stories . '' 
 he replied , `` naeva was unique i. . 
 uh . '' 
 he chuckled and said , `` this is gon na be a bitch , you know that ? 
 i 've never had to describe her to anyone let alone like this . '' 
 he paused and said , `` alright , i think i got it . 
 imagine someone very intelligent with a clear understanding and philosophy of people . 
 she was balanced always . 
 she was very curious of everything in life and everyone liked her because she was just an all around good person . 
 she was so happy all the time , passionate , loving ... she um ... uh . 
 jay felt his eyes fill with tears and an upwelling of emotion began to take hold of him . 
 he quickly sat up , cleared his throat trying to hold back the sadness and succeeding rather quickly . 
 then he drank some water and worked up a half smile . 
 looking at terry he said , `` how did i do boss ? '' 
 terry replied , `` you did great . 
 i 'm also sorry i made you go through that exercise , but it gave me a clear picture of how much you were romanticizing her memory and how much of it were solid traits . 
 do n't worry i wo n't make you do that again . '' 
 jay nodded , `` that 's good to hear . 
 i was going to say it 's better than a sharp stick in the eye but i have to think about that . '' 
 terry said , `` i know , do n't worry , this will all get easier with time . 
 grieving is a process , not a way of life . '' 
 jay shrugged , `` really , i 'm fine . 
 those emotional outbursts are what i 'm trying to put an end to . 
 at least you got to see one firsthand now . 
 you know they see time heals all wounds . 
 what they do n`t tell you is how much scar tissue you end up with . '' 
 terry chuckled , `` i like that , i may steal it . 
 so , going back to the story about naeva and how you met . 
 i take it she showed up that night by the campfire ? '' 
 jay now settled back into the chair immediately feeling more at ease . 
 `` yes she did , and what a night that was . '' 
 `` please , continue . '' 
 terry said . 
 `` the strangest thing that you can imagine happened that night , hours before naeva even got there . 
 we all did the usual daytime beach stuff , only there was a lot more sleeping instead of swimming . 
 apparently a few of us , like b-bob and angie , went overboard celebrating our first night out . 
 they both looked like they were about to either puke or cry . 
 instead they just whined . 
 we made some hot dogs for dinner and that made them feel better . 
 we also started the party from the beginning again which is also a good way to put the hangover it behind you . 
 well about 9:00 o’clock , the sun was mostly set , and we moved down the beach to our little spot from the night before . 
 i got the fire started and angie comes over and sits by me and says , `` so jay , is your little french girl going to take time out of her busy schedule , and actually show up tonight ? '' 
 she said it in a kind of smartass way , which i thought was weird , but i knew she could n't resist teasing me about certain things . 
 she did that a lot actually . 
 it was kind of her thing . 
 i just gave it right back to her telling her that she was n't french , she was canadian and she 'd be there . 
 expecting another verbal jab , she surprised me by saying nothing , and it was right about then ron became aware of the fact that we were almost out of liquor . 
 it was funny because he held up the bottle that had hardly anything left in it and goes , `` what the fuck b-bob . 
 this was a half gallon of 100 proof booze . 
 did you use it to start the fire or what ? '' 
 billy bob points at angie who remarked , `` ok , sure it was all me , the whole half gallon ! '' 
 ron starts cracking up and said , `` dude , that means four of you drank a half gallon of soco ? 
 holy shit ! '' 
 i just laughed , but angie said , `` fine , i confess , i ca n't even blame it on jay and holly . 
 this was mostly me and billy . 
 c’mon dork , we 're going on a liquor run . 
 i 'll drive you pay . '' 
 so they left and the rest of us collected more firewood . 
 we made a huge pile which was n't tough since it was everywhere , especially after the high surf the previous day . 
 as we sat back down , i started to feel antsy i looked at the time . 
 it was only about 9:30 . 
 holly smiled and asked , `` what time is she coming ? '' 
 i replied , `` are you going to start with me too ? 
 christ , i met a girl , she 's pretty . 
 i 'm a man . 
 what 's odd about this ? '' 
 ron gave me shit as usual and said , `` he 's a man alright . 
 i knew him before the operation . 
 how 's the hormone replacement therapy going ? '' 
 naturally i told him to shut the fuck up and laughed . '' 
 the usual exchange between best friends , you know . 
 anyway , i said , `` really holly , what 's with you giving me a hard time about inviting naeva ? '' 
 she replied , `` i was n't giving you a hard time , angie was giving you a hard time . 
 i just asked what time she 's coming ? '' 
 then cori who did n't say a word up until then mumbled , `` why do n't you ask angie why she ` s giving you a hard time ? '' 
 to which holly smirked and giggled a bit . 
 ron asks , `` wait what ? 
 what 's the joke ? '' 
 cori says , `` you guys really do n't know do you ? '' 
 i spoke up saying , `` i know . 
 it 's angie , and that 's what angie does . 
 she gives me a hard time . '' 
 all of a sudden , holly looks at cori and they both start laughing their asses off . 
 in a surprised but sarcastic tone , holly says , `` my god , neither one of you know why angie does n't want this girl to join our group do you , are you serious ? 
 c’mon jay , even after last night ? '' 
 i asked , `` why , what happened last night ? '' 
 ron yells out , `` i was n't even here last night ? '' 
 holly shook her in disbelief . 
 she turned back to cori saying , `` oh my god , men are just stupid . 
 all men , it 's a disease . 
 they 're stupid and blind like mole children ! '' 
 i thought that was a little harsh and said , `` c’mon holly , friends should honest with one another . 
 do n't worry about offending us , just tell us what you really think . '' 
 ron now getting irritated said , `` what the fuck happened last night ? '' 
 holly moved closer to me and started to speak to me like i was five years old . 
 `` jay , you joined us after dark last night and said you met this beautiful girl accidentally , because you thought she was angie . 
 later that night , you 're doing your musical guitar sex , love song thing and she 's melting all over you like butter on an english muffin . 
 now , she 's pissed you invited this girl to join you tonight . 
 please tell me you can figure this out . '' 
 ron sat up straight said , `` wait , angie melting on jay ? 
 are you saying that angie suddenly has a crush on jay ? '' 
 holly turned to cori and said , `` oh god , it 's like watching someone try to make fire for the first time ! 
 amazing job ron , you do n't miss a thing . '' 
 all i could do was sit there in disbelief . 
 i said , `` but wait , she 's dating that marine guy with the weird name ? 
 what is it ? 
 barnabus or bernhard something really exotic ... '' holly rolled her eyes and blurted out , `` his name is ben . 
 ben you dork ! '' 
 ron starts to laugh and says , `` wow ! 
 jay you were right , that name is exotic ! 
 how do you say that again ? 
 b ... beh ... ben was it ? 
 `` i took the twig that was fiddle with in my hand and whipped it at his head . 
 then i remembered what had happened with angie the night before and said , `` damn it , did you know the reason that naeva did n't join us last night was because she saw angie hanging all over me ? '' 
 holly replied in a patronizing tone , `` really ? 
 you do n't say , it was almost like she planned it that way . '' 
 now the whole thing started to make sense , and yes , i did feel stupid being too blind not to fit it all together . 
 worse yet , angie would be back soon , and i did n't know what to say to her . 
 i knew if i said nothing , she might try to sabotage the night with naeva , and if i did bring it up , the whole thing could just crash and burn . 
 finally i said `` what the fuck ! 
 where was all this attention two years ago when i wanted to go out with her ? 
 now she decides she wants to give me a go . 
 well this just sucks because it 's a little late now . '' 
 no one said a word . 
 i just shook my head and said , `` i need to talk to her right now when she gets back . '' 
 holly sincerely looked surprised by my reaction and said , `` ok jay , you impressed me . 
 telling her how you feel is the right thing to do . 
 that actually makes a lot of sense . 
 i take it back , you are n't a mole child . 
 what are you going to say to her ? '' 
 i sat for a moment considering my situation . 
 seriously , i had no idea what to tell her . 
 and just felt pissed off at this point . 
 there was a time i would have jumped at the chance to date angie , but that was a long time ago . 
 things change , you know ? 
 everyone got a bit quiet right about then , and i decided to say something that i did n't even plan on bringing up . 
 i said , `` i need to say something that may seem off topic and a bit strange right now . '' 
 ron remarks , `` your gay ? 
 that 's not strange , we totally knew . '' 
 cori punched his arm and holly yelled , `` ok i 'll say it this time , ron shut the fuck up ! 
 so what were you saying ? '' 
 i said , `` i know i just met this girl , and this is the part that seems strange but , we kind of clicked you know ? 
 i just want you guys to help this evening go well . '' 
 holly giggled and said sarcastically , `` oh no ! 
 that means i ca n't take off my bathing suit and climb on your shoulders like usual ? 
 no heroine or meth or group sex either ? 
 what ever can we do tonight ? '' 
 i just laughed and said , `` holly , i 'm not saying that you guys are embarrassing or should act differently , i 'm just saying that i really like this girl . 
 i mean i `` really '' like her . '' 
 when i said that , i think holly heard the passion in my voice and it surprised her . 
 she smiled warmly and nodded saying , `` i 'm just messing around , i get it . '' 
 then i looked over at ron who was laying with his head on cori 's lap playing with the fingers on her hand . 
 cori nodded at me with a smile and ron looked like he knew exactly what i meant and said , `` no worries . 
 i got you covered . '' 
 another 20 minutes passed , and we could see angie and b-bob coming back with of all things , whiskey and tequila . 
 let me tell you , i did n't waste any time having a few shots of that whiskey to build up the courage to talk to angie . 
 i waited until she got up to get some ice from the cooler , and i got up with her . 
 then i said , `` come with me , we have to talk . '' 
 and i yelled out to the rest of them that we were taking bathroom break . 
 all we did was walk closer to the tree line by the dunes . 
 it was pitch black by then . 
 as i stopped her she said , `` this is worrying me , what 's wrong ? 
 you 've never done anything like this before . '' 
 i just took a deep breath and started talking , `` i wanted to tell you something very important , and i just want you to listen to me for a minute ok ? '' 
 `` ok '' she said . 
 `` do you remember when we first met during that crazy party at cori 's house two years ago ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` well , back then , i had a killer crush on you , you knew that right ? '' 
 she nodded , smiled and pulled her hair to one side looking a bit nervous . 
 `` you were dating that one guy who moved to milwaukee . 
 i remember how he was a complete dick to you all the time . 
 i thought that maybe i 'd have a chance with you if he was n't around , but then when you started dating someone else and dumped him , i pretty much knew that we would stay friends you know ? '' 
 she started to speak , but i interrupted her , `` please , just listen for now ok ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes and snapped , `` ok , fine . '' 
 `` my point in all of this is ; i really got used to us being friends . 
 i have a hell of a great time with you , and i 'm happy that 's the way things turned out . 
 just you and me as really good friends . 
 i just wanted you to know that , is that cool ? '' 
 she looked sad for a moment , and seemed a bit surprised i was that direct with her . 
 then she shook her head and replied , `` i suppose it 's fair right ? 
 i mean , the way you wanted more from me back then and not getting it , and now , well ... it 's fair . '' 
 i felt so bad at that moment and said , `` i 'm really sorry angie . 
 the last thing i 'd ever want to do is hurt you , i ... . '' 
 i stopped talking because she put her arms around me and kissed my cheek , and then just held me for a while . 
 as i hugged her back , she whispered in my ear , `` i know your sorry and you would never hurt me . 
 it 's because you 're such a sweetheart , and it just took me too long to figure it out . '' 
 i held her for a while and she finally let me go . 
 i could see that she wiped some tears from her eyes and then she seemed to shake it off . 
 she said , `` so , buddy . 
 how about we get back to the other outcasts ? 
 i smiled , took hold of her hand and we walked back to join our friends . 
 when we arrived back at the fire , it reminded me of a movie scene where strangers walk into a small town bar and the music stops , and everyone turns to look at who came in . 
 i got ta hand it to angie , she was smooth . 
 she looked up at me with a confused look and back at everyone . 
 in a really convincing tone she said , `` ok what the hell ? 
 is there some reason all of you are staring at us , it ` s creepin ' me out . '' 
 she did such a great job at pulling it off , i 'm sure that everyone thought i chickened out from talking to her . 
 surprisingly , things went right back to normal , business as usual . 
 i would say about an hour passed and i was starting to get a little anxious . 
 i think it was about eleven-ish when holly looked down the beach and says , `` hey jay , i think she 's on her way . '' 
 everyone turned around to see the light from a flashlight moving on the beach and coming this way . 
 i looked back to all of my friends frozen in a catatonic stare as she got closer . 
 i said , `` seriously ? 
 you look like you 're at a wake viewing the body . 
 way to make her feel welcome . '' 
 angie popped up from the log she was sitting on and said , `` shit , where 's the weed ? 
 i 'm betting that 's her , but if it 's a cop , i do n't feel like being in the local paper for marijuana possession . '' 
 billy bob handed it to her and angie buried the plastic bag full of weed under her feet like she was hiding body parts in a shallow grave . 
 billy starts to laugh and says , `` i could see the article in the local paper . 
 `` six chicago area young adults are arrested for possession of a controlled substance . 
 when interviewed by the arresting officer , jay had this to say . 
 `` dude ! 
 we totally thought you were this hot girl . 
 this is harsh ! '' 
 as you can imagine , his comment cracked everyone up . 
 i looked back over my shoulder , and decided that naeva was close enough for me to go and meet her , so i got up and walked in her direction . 
 it was pitch black that night because the clouds were covering the moon . 
 the night before it was really bright . 
 as i got closer , i yelled out , `` naeva , is that you ? '' 
 and she said , `` hi jay ! '' 
 in this happy melodic sort of greeting . 
 i started to think , `` should i just say hi ? 
 hold her hand ? 
 i was n't sure what i should do . 
 it was quickly decided , when she jogged over to me and threw her arms around me . 
 believe me i was happy to do the same . 
 she felt wonderful . 
 as i held her , my face was against the nape of her neck and her soft hair that smelled like her perfume . 
 she also felt so soft to the touch , and i said exactly what was in my heart . 
 `` i 'm really happy you came . '' 
 then i jokingly said , `` i 'm just wondering though , how you knew where to find us ? 
 it 's like you 've been here before . '' 
 she smirked and gave me a little glare , `` i have no idea what your talking about . 
 how could i know where to find you ? 
 in fact i was just out for a walk with my flashlight looking for a beach bag i lost earlier today . 
 i think someone stole it . '' 
 i replied , `` you wo n't believe it ! 
 i found it . '' 
 then i took her hand we walked back . 
 yet again , my best friend pulled out the stops for me by pouring shots for everyone while we were gone . 
 it really lightened the mood and when we walked up i introduced her to the group . 
 after the usual hellos , ron said , `` naeva , we were just about to do some shots . 
 you have your choice of tequila or canadian mist , would you care to join us ? '' 
 she walked right in the middle of the circle and said , `` canadian mist is one of my favorite things . '' 
 then in her little accent said , `` i also love dark beer , buffalo wings and blueberry pop tarts . '' 
 i think she endeared herself to everyone at that moment , at least to ron who said , `` you like whiskey , beer , wings and pop tarts ? '' 
 he looks at me and says , `` dude where did you find this girl ? 
 she 's awesome ! 
 naeva , you are going to fit in here just fine . '' 
 after the shots , we sat down together and just got to know one another . 
 naeva explained in more detail about where she lived and what it was like living there . 
 she seemed comfortable talking to everyone and came across as really sincere , you know ? 
 she was n't worried about what anyone would think when she spoke . 
 she was such an honest happy person , you could n't help but to like her . 
 angie stayed pretty quiet through all of this which was ok by me . 
 after the conversation slowed down , she dug in the sand by her feet and pulled out the bag of weed . 
 tossing it to billy again she said , `` naeva , are you cool with this ? '' 
 i sat there holding my breath wondering how this was going to fly . 
 naeva said , `` that depends . '' 
 `` on what ? '' 
 angie replies . 
 naeva said , `` on whether you are inviting me to join you . 
 in that case , i 'm cool with it . '' 
 billy bob , throws his arms out toward naeva and looks at ron . 
 `` ron , you nailed it man . 
 she 's gon na fit in great ! '' 
 we were all laughing at that comment , even angie . 
 still , i could n't quite figure what was happening in angie 's head . 
 it was like having a pretty time bomb in a bathing suit next to me all night . 
 still , as the night went on , we really had a blast . 
 angie was n't being overly friendly , but she was n't being bitchy either which was cool . 
 the thing that turned the tide to the positive was when naeva did her little girl thing . 
 terry interjected with a smile , `` little girl thing ? 
 what does that mean ? '' 
 jay put his hands behind his head and leaned back on the chair . 
 he grinned from ear to ear and then said , `` believe it or not , this was a trait that naeva had that i could n't figure out how to describe without metaphors , so i left it out . 
 sometimes , she would get swept away by these impulsive desires , and they would be expressed with such enthusiasm and joy , it reminded me of a little girl . 
 you know what i mean ? '' 
 terry nodded , `` i think i get it . 
 what did she do ? '' 
 `` well , that night , it was getting late and she suddenly sat up straight and announced , `` i 'm going to build a sand castle . 
 anyone is welcome to join me , but if not , that 's fine . 
 i 'm building it anyway . '' 
 she had no idea that angie 's passion at the beach was to build the most complex sand castles conceived by man and angie freaked . 
 `` oh my god you like to build sand castles ? 
 me too ! '' 
 she says . 
 that was all it took . 
 they both dropped down on their knees and started feverishly digging about ten feet away from where were sitting . 
 i got ta say , i became a lot more relaxed at that point . 
 looking back , i think that was the moment that naeva really fit it . 
 after that it felt so normal having her with us . 
 it was like she 'd been in our group all summer long . 
 i was n't in the mood for castle building . 
 face it , i was not only wasted , but the night was hot and humid . 
 usually there 's a nice breeze on the beach at night , but that night was not one of them . 
 it was dead calm . 
 i decided that a swim would be perfect , and billy and ron came with me . 
 before i jumped in , i snagged a bar of soap and thought a quick clean up was a good idea as well . 
 i mean , there was naeva smelling like heaven , and then there was me , sticky with a days worth of beach sweat and sun screen . 
 nasty ! 
 so i cleaned up a bit and looked around at the whole scene for the first time . 
 there we all were , the girls making sand castles , and the guys cooling off in the water . 
 billy was floating on his back and thrashing around like an otter , and ron and i were just waste deep with our drinks in hand chillin ' . 
 it was then ron asked me , `` so did you say something to angie or did you choke and crawl back like a little bitch ? '' 
 i said , `` i did n`t choke ! 
 i just told her i was happy with us as just friends . 
 it went ok , i guess . 
 i 'm kind freaked out it went as well as it did , but hey , at least it 's done . '' 
 he shook his head looking at the beach and said , `` too bad . '' 
 his comment shocked me and said , `` what the fuck ? 
 why would you say that ? '' 
 he says , `` dude , seriously , just look at that '' , pointing toward the beach . 
 he was pointing at angie and naeva . 
 they were both on their hands and knees , side by side with their cute little tanned asses illuminated quite well by the our fire . 
 they looked like mirror images side by side , and their bikini bottoms were riding up a bit , showing what we used to refer to as `` the best of what god had given them '' . 
 ron said , `` the way i see it , this moment was probably the closest you will ever get in your short pathetic life to a threesome and you fucking trashed it . 
 grats bro . '' 
 christ , i just about fell down laughing . 
 i knew he was n't serious , but it was funny as hell . 
 then he said , `` dude serously though she ` s really nice . 
 she 's hot too , even her name is hot . 
 n-eye-ay-va ! 
 that 's sweeeet ! '' 
 i just chuckled . 
 then he looked at me with a serious expression and clicked his plastic cup to mine . 
 `` really , '' he said . 
 `` this is good to see . 
 i like her a lot . '' 
 i just said , `` do n't like her too much now . 
 i 'll go alpha-male on your ass if you try to move in on this one . '' 
 he was taking a drink , and as i said that , he ended up choking a bit from laughing . 
 he just shook his head and looked in the direction of cori . 
 she was walking to the waters edge to fill some cups , and take water back for use on the sand castle . 
 it was then that he went beyond the usual superficial comedy of our conversations and said , `` you 're safe there , i would never do that to by best friend , but regardless , my days of looking are gone . 
 game over man . 
 that 's the only girl i need right there . '' 
 i knew he was bring serious , but i still wanted to give him some shit about it . 
 i said , `` yah , but have you ever figured out what cori see 's in you ? 
 i mean , look at you ? 
 now look at me . 
 see what i ` m say ` n ? '' 
 he smiled saying , `` oh completely . 
 sure i know , your every girls dream . 
 oh wait no ... . 
 i mean nightmare . 
 seriously though , i am hooked on that girl . 
 until you meet that person you just do n't get it . '' 
 i nodded and then said , `` well you suck then because , as of now , i do n't get it . '' 
 he replied , `` well not yet . '' 
 then leans over and starts messing with me again and says , `` are you sad ? 
 do you need a hug ? '' 
 and then a splash fight ensued . '' 
 terry laughed and said , `` those sound like good times . 
 ron was obviously a riot to have as a friend . 
 let me ask you a question . 
 how long have you known ron ? '' 
 jay replied , `` ron ? 
 wow , we knew each other since fourth grade although we really did n't hang out until my last two years of high school . 
 he was probably my worst influence and my biggest blessing all at the same time . '' 
 jay looked down and paused for a moment . 
 `` i 'll save you the awkwardness that happens when i mention him and people ask the next question of `` where is he now ? '' . 
 unfortunately he died five years ago . 
 lung cancer . '' 
 terry shook his head , `` i 'm sorry . 
 some people get the unfortunate experience of dealing with death in their lives more than others . 
 it sounds like you 're no stranger to it . 
 that 's not easy . '' 
 jay nodded , `` hey , the guy had a full life and did what he wanted to do . 
 i wish he lived longer but he had a blast on this earth in the time he had . 
 we both did . 
 what better wish can you have for a good friend ? '' 
 terry said , `` it sounds like he was a good guy , and i did n't mean to take you away from your story . 
 did you want to keep going ? 
 we 're almost out of time for today 's session '' jay looked at the clock on the wall . 
 `` holy shit . 
 i 've been talking for an hour ? 
 no we can wrap it up now , but i definitely want to continue this . 
 the next part is when it starts to get good '' , he smiled , `` at least from my perspective . '' 
 terry said , `` it 's already a good story , it 's brining back memories of when i was that young . 
 did you make an appointment for next week or should we set that up now ? '' 
 jay replied , `` no , were good . 
 i think it 's the same day and time . '' 
 terry said , `` i 'm not giving you any homework this week . 
 i 'll wait until you finish telling me about naeva , in the interim , just remember where you left off and call me if things get bad , ok ? '' 
 jay stood up and terry walked him to a door in the hallway . 
 `` ok terry , thanks . 
 see you next week . '' 
 the following week jay sat in the same waiting room feeling much more relaxed than last time . 
 terry entered , they greeted each other and went to his office . 
 terry asked , `` so how was your week ? '' 
 jay replied , `` about the same , but i have n't been feeling quite as bad . 
 i do think talking about this is helping . '' 
 terry nodded , `` good , and since we have a clear picture of what we 're talking about today , did you want to continue the story where we left off ? '' 
 `` absolutely , jay replied . 
 `` i even kept a mental note of where i left off . 
 i believe i was in the lake with a drink in my hand having a splash fight with my best friend . 
 too bad it 's only a story right ? '' '' 
 terry smiled , `` if only life was that easy . '' 
 then he picked up his note pad . 
 `` alright then , we 're good to go . '' 
 jay took a sip of water , `` i brought my own this week . '' 
 he said holding up his water bottle , and settled into his chair . 
 `` so , anyway , the splash fight wound up quickly if i remember it right . 
 i think it was because neither one of us wanted to ruin a good whiskey and coke . 
 as i was standing there , this feeling comes over me . 
 i do n't know if it was what due to ron talking about being in love with cori , or looking at naeva dig in the sand like a little girl . '' 
 jay grinned , `` well i say little girl , but i 'm talking about her carefree spirit . 
 the rest of what i saw that night gave a different view , if you know what i mean . 
 i just knew i wanted to be with her . 
 that was also when ron started to laugh and focused my attention on billy bob man . 
 he was still floating on his back , but had washed ashore like a hunk of drift wood . 
 i decided then , i was in the water long enough , and motioned i was heading back . 
 at least i accomplished my goal of feeling cooler and smelling a hell of a lot cleaner . 
 i dried off , walked over to the girls and got down on my knees next to naeva . 
 she looked so focused on what she was doing but as i knelt down , she looked up at me with a excited little smile . 
 i had to fight back the urge to laugh , because she looked a lot different than the groomed , perfumed girl i met on the beach earlier . 
 she was a bit sweaty and completely covered in sand . 
 her hair was wet at the ends from hanging down into the giant hole they 'd excavated , and i 'm sure she must have tried to pull her hair back with her sandy hands because there was sand all over her face and neck . 
 with that cute little grin she said , `` i love digging in the sand . 
 it feels so cool and soft on my hands . '' 
 half laughing i said , `` yah , i can see that . '' 
 she had an expression on her face that transfixed me . 
 you could almost see that fire that burned inside of her you know ? 
 it was then i took a good look at the castle that she and the girls had constructed . 
 it was pretty impressive . 
 i mean for only using plastic cups and their hands for tools the fucking thing rocked . 
 i called ron over and said , `` dude , check this out ! 
 circle beach fortress ! '' 
 circle beach was the name of the beach if you did n't guess by now , anyway , naeva stopped digging and asked , `` do you really like it , are you making fun of us ? '' 
 i said , `` no ! 
 i 'm being serious . 
 i was expecting the usual mound of sand with a flag stuck in the top of it . 
 this is a freaking medieval war machine . 
 you got the deep moats with the spikes , elevated construction , access to the sea , rounded towers . 
 it 's actually pretty amazing . '' 
 naeva stopped digging and sat up , flipping her hair out of her eyes . 
 she did n't notice , but i actually got a face full of sand when she did it , and it made me laugh . 
 what i did n't know , was how amazed she was by the way i described the castle . 
 she looks at me with this almost dazed expression and started speaking in an excited voice , `` how do you know so much about castles ? 
 you must know a lot to notice those things ! 
 i know everything about them , i love castles ! 
 now realizing that this design was planned , i was pretty amazed . 
 i said , `` i have a huge library of books on warfare and ancient history . 
 i read that stuff all the time . 
 so this castle , and the double walls and everything , this was no accident ? 
 all of you really did make a medieval castle ? '' 
 i looked up to see holly pointing at naeva and angie , and she blurted out . '' 
 let ` s get this straight . 
 these two made a medieval castle ! 
 the canadian architect and her master builder with the whip , pharaoh angie ! 
 cori and i were just hired on to serve as unpaid laborers . 
 sorry girls , i 'm done . 
 i need a swim . '' 
 she got up as well as cori . 
 ron took cori 's hand and they walked down to the water together . 
 angie looked at the castle and then at naeva giving her a girly high five . 
 angie says , `` damn , we 're good ! '' 
 naeva looking very pleased with it as well replies `` that idea you had using the flat rocks between the walls to keep it standing was a good idea . 
 that worked perfectly . '' 
 angie remarked , `` this medieval thing was your idea remember , and i love it . 
 do you know about other kinds of we could try this week ? '' 
 naeva replied , `` tons of them . '' 
 angie nodded , `` we need to try different ones while you 're still hanging around here . 
 you are still hanging with us right ? '' 
 naeva nodded , `` absolutely , you 're all a riot to hang with . 
 then she smiled at angie and said , `` that 's a nice invitation . 
 thanks angie . '' 
 angie replies , `` no really , this was a blast . '' 
 she stood up and stretched her legs . 
 `` man , i got ta de-sand myself . '' 
 pulling on her bikini bottom . 
 i 'm hav ’n an issue ... if you know what i mean . 
 i 'll be back . '' 
 `` i just sat astonished yet again . 
 i had visions of this night being a disaster with angie in the middle of it . 
 now , things were going so well it seemed unbelievable . 
 this shit does n't happen in real life , you know ? '' 
 terry nodded , `` no , not always , but as odd as it was , it proves something to me in my profession . 
 i 've observed human interactions for so long , i 've learned never to guess which way things are sure to go , or how people will react . 
 i take it that was the turning point for angie 's acceptance of things ? '' 
 jay nodded , `` definitely . 
 i think that after that , i also realized something about angie . 
 seeing her move past the whole romance issue so quickly , it made me think . 
 i wondered if her coming on to me was more because i was interested in someone else . 
 i think i was her safety net , you know what i mean ? 
 the emergency parachute if she needed me . 
 i do n't think she was thinking that consciously because we were really were good friends , but to her , i was also the `` guy who had the crush on her and always would '' sort of thing . 
 then when that went away , i think she started to wonder , `` what if i ` ve been ignoring the fact that i like him ? 
 we were really close and we get along well ? '' 
 jay grinned and asked , `` what do you think of my professional evaluation terry ? '' 
 terry replied , `` i 've never met angie , but from what you 've told me , i think you may be on to something . 
 it makes sense . '' 
 jay nodded , `` well that night , i was just glad it worked out . 
 after angie left , naeva said she was heading to the water too , but before she did , she looked at me with these very inquisitive eyes and said , `` i never met anyone who knew anything about castles . 
 how is it that you , i mean , i never imagined you would . '' 
 i reached up and removed a wet lock of hair that was stuck on her chin and said , `` i never saw anyone build a historically accurate model out of sand . '' 
 then i paused and said , `` i 've also never met anyone who i ... '' i stopped talking for a second . 
 it was for only a moment , but in that short time , i was trying to figure out what my next words should be . 
 i had every intention of just letting it all go , you know . 
 i was going to tell her that i never met anyone who i liked so much from the first moment i met her . 
 i wanted to tell her how special i thought she was . 
 this time though , i totally choked . 
 i just said , `` never met anyone who um , did such a detailed job at it . '' 
 i just cringed . 
 really jay ? 
 , i thought . 
 `` duh , i like your sand castle . '' 
 jesus christ talk about your failed moments in life . 
 i felt like all i needed was a pair of glasses with tape on them and some mouth breathing . 
 she just smiled and said , `` i liked that whiskey and coke you made me . 
 would you make me another one while i get all of this sand off of me . '' 
 i said yes , of course , and she ran down to the water . 
 as i was getting some ice and pouring her drink , i started to feel more and more pissed off at myself for not just coming out with what i wanted to say . 
 my last act of desperation was to slam numerous shots of whiskey from the bottle for courage . 
 then i waded out into the water with everyone else . 
 the water felt really cool and refreshing again and i saw naeva pop up from under the surface close to holly and angie . 
 as i walked up with her drink in my hand she said , `` awww , i did n't mean you had to bring it to me . 
 you 're a sweetheart ! '' 
 angie looked at me , nodded and rolled her eyes . 
 remembering our conversation just hours ago , that was a bit awkward , but just then my head started to spin , and i began to feel the consequence of my whiskey rage shots on the beach . 
 i was happy see that the alcohol had the desired effect on me , and i took hold of naeva 's hand . 
 she was surprised but looked happy that i did . 
 then i asked her , `` will you walk with me on the beach for a while ? '' 
 i could see holly and angie give each other one of their looks . 
 naeva just smiled and nodded . 
 she turned to angie and said , `` we 'll be back . '' 
 naeva and i waded back to shore , dried off and began to move further down the beach . 
 she was very quiet at first , which worried me a bit having never seen that side of her until then . 
 then she looked up at the sky and said , `` look . 
 look how beautiful it is . '' 
 i tilted my head back and saw the moon breaking through the clouds . 
 the clouds were glowing a pretty blue grey color and floating along peacefully . 
 we both stopped walking for a moment , and just looked up , admiring the night sky . 
 that 's when i finally summoned the courage to say what was on my mind . 
 i moved in front of her so we were face to face and i said , `` when i told you how much i loved your sand castle , i meant that , but i wanted to say so much more . 
 i just was n`t sure if i should . '' 
 i looked into her dark eyes that were staring up into mine , and the dim light and reflection of the moon made them look black and infinite . 
 i had no trouble telling her my feelings when i felt like i did at that moment , and i said , `` i 'm still not sure i should be saying this but i am anyway . 
 since i met you , and i know that just happened yesterday , which is strange in itself , i feel so different . 
 i do n't feel like myself . '' 
 i realized how horrible that sounded and shook my head , `` no , that 's not how i wanted to say this . '' 
 i took a deep breath , `` i do n't feel like myself , but in a good way , you know ? 
 i do n't usually feel comfortable saying things like this to someone i just met . 
 in fact i never have . 
 i know that sounds like i 'm giving you a line , but i 'm telling the truth . 
 i never felt this comfortable with someone so quickly . 
 not the way i ` ve been with you . '' 
 i rolled my eyes and smirked and said , `` you 're probably listening to me thinking that i 'm doing a poor job of looking comfortable , the way i ` m floundering through my words . '' 
 she looked almost upset as i said those words and replied , `` i do n't think you 've done anything since the moment i 've met you that has n't been perfect . 
 this morning at breakfast , i told you i got scared because of last night . 
 i mean we did just meet and i really do n't know you . 
 then , when i saw you with angie last night and i thought you were just one of those guys who are , well ... you know . '' 
 `` douche bags ? '' 
 i replied . 
 she let out a giggle . 
 then she smiled warmly at me and continued to speak , `` you described those type of men very well , and yes , i did n't really know for sure . 
 after tonight though , i know that 's not you . '' 
 she giggled , `` god not at all ! 
 how wrong i was ever thinking that ? 
 i 've been having such a wonderful time with you tonight . '' 
 then she looked in my eyes again and said , `` i still am . '' 
 it was those words that caused all of the inhibition to leave me . 
 i said , `` i 'm so attracted to you , i feel afraid saying it . 
 i 'm finding out something else about you every minute . 
 about who you are , or how you think , and i keep waiting to be disappointed . 
 i keep telling myself that i 'm getting carried away thinking the way i 'm thinking , but i keep coming up with the same opinion of you , and it seems unbelievable . 
 i began to stroke her hair and just whispered the words , `` to me your just , perfect . '' 
 we moved toward one another and locked into a kiss and an embrace that felt astonishing . 
 i have never been able to explain why it felt the way it did . 
 it felt like we 'd been in love for a long time , and had been reunited after months apart . 
 hell , all i knew is that i felt like i was in heaven and i wanted it to last forever . 
 it took a while , but we finally pulled ourselves apart and could see that we were both breathing more rapidly . 
 then we just stood looking at one another 's faces with a sort of bewilderment . 
 it was then , she said three words to me that i 'll never forget . 
 she said , `` who are you ? '' 
 terry chuckled and smiled at jay saying , `` i would have bet money that you were going to say the three words were i love you . 
 why did she ask , `` who are you ? '' 
 jay smiled and looked completely happy when terry asked him that question . 
 then he said , `` that night , i had no idea what she meant and was too nervous to ask her . 
 i did n't find out until much later what that meant . 
 do n't ' worry , i 'll tell you when it makes more sense . '' 
 terry smiled and nodded his head , `` that 's fine , i like a good suspenseful story , but i do n't want you to forget to tell me so if i ask you again , just tell me it 's still pending ok ? '' 
 he then made some written notes on jay 's therapy log . 
 jay replied with complete confidence , `` trust me terry , i wo n't forget . 
 i could n`t forget . 
 after that kiss , it changed everything . 
 there was no more wondering if she really liked me or fears of me trying to deceive her . 
 it was a kiss that put everything in overdrive . 
 that night you would think that after that , we would have continued to escalate things and run headlong to the finish line right ? 
 well we did n't . 
 in fact , i was so overwhelmed by the feeling she gave me i did n't know where to go . 
 she acted much the same way that first night , although i could n't be sure it was for the same reason . 
 the big change that happened was how we acted toward one another . 
 we became a couple after that , spending every moment of every day together . 
 to be honest , i ca n't even tell you what my friends said , or if they cared . 
 i forgot they were there and i was deaf dumb and blind to everything and everyone with the exception of my beautiful naeva . 
 as you can imagine , we graduated from hugging and kissing and things went out of our control like throwing gasoline on an inferno . 
 terry asked , `` you mean you were having sex ? '' 
 jay said , `` everything but the obvious kind . 
 she never had intercourse with anyone and said she wanted to wait . 
 not to be crude , but to me that made no difference . 
 that was like being at a buffet and being told one of the items are not available , you know ? 
 all you have to choose from are 100 other delicacies in front of you . 
 my god , i was so in love , i was happy just to hold and her and lay my head on her as she fell asleep . 
 the i 'd then listen to her heart beat and her breathing and feel so happy . 
 make no mistake , that was `` not '' the limit of our activities . 
 she was not a girl who had inhibitions and nor did i. jay stopped for a minute and looked as though he remembered something and asked , `` terry , have you ever been intimate with someone that you loved so much , sex was almost a spiritual experience ? '' 
 terry started to laugh , `` was that a rhetorical question or do you really need an answer ? '' 
 jay replied , `` i need an answer . '' 
 terry said , `` yes , i have . '' 
 jay sat quietly and smiled for a moment , and then said , `` then you 're a lucky man . 
 let me correct that . 
 we both are lucky men . 
 being with her , pleasing her , holding her and remembering how she smelled and tas . 
 ... . 
 i remember it now like . . 
 like i. . '' 
 jay stopped speaking again , and well on his way to becoming emotional . 
 he then took a deep breath and continued , `` the most amazing experiences of my life were spent in her arms . 
 did you know that when we finally did have sex , i mean intercourse , it was incredible ! '' 
 terry asked , `` you mean because you were so in love . '' 
 jay smiled and sat back in the chair , `` you would think that would be the extent of it but is was n't . 
 it 's funny because when naeva told me she wanted to wait for that to happen , she said she wanted it to be a special moment with the person she loved . 
 i never questioned her on what that meant , and i never pressured her either . 
 i just figured that when it happened it would happen . 
 well one day , during our second week together , we were sitting on top of this sand dune just admiring the scenery and feeding some gulls . 
 in the distance , we could hear a rumble from this thunderstorm approaching from over the lake . 
 because there 's nothing to stop the sound of the thunder moving over the water , it almost sounds like it growls as it approaches . 
 it 's really fun to watch and a bit frightening as well . 
 it was a really hot day so we were sitting in the shade of this tree half buried by the shifting sand . 
 although we were in the shade , it was still hot , but there was a breeze and we started to kiss one another . 
 i do n't know if you were ever in the dunes , but it 's not like you run across a lot of people if you find the right place to hang . 
 as long as you stay away from the trails , you can pretty much count on being alone . 
 we moved to a place where we were hidden on the far side of one of the dunes , and shrouded by a canopy of big oak trees that grew down in the valley . 
 it kind of made us feel like we were up in the treetops . 
 i remember we were just kissing and moving onto a long list of intimate activities that i 'll leave to the imagination . 
 the storm was getting close now , and it was kicking up a cool wind that felt great . 
 the trees started to move and sway and the whole adrenaline rush made us all the more tense and passionate . 
 none of this was planned , and i think that 's why the whole set of events worked out the way it did . 
 looking back at the moment , the thought of two people naked sitting under tree tops on a 100 foot sand dune during a lightning storm was not the best place to be . 
 would i do it again ? 
 you bet your ass i would ! 
 well , the heavens opened up and it started to pour . 
 the rain was cold but the combination of all of the sensory overload just made it seem wonderfully intense . 
 cold rain cascading off of our bodies , trees heaving and roaring in the wind . 
 thunder was crashing and she looked at me with those dark eyes burning like fire and , well ... . 
 she `` invited me in '' so to speak . 
 terry smiled and chuckled a bit , `` i have to say , that sounds like it was an amazing thing to experience . '' 
 jay grinned ear to ear and said , `` at some point , a bolt lightning must have hit a tree so close , that the flash of the lightning and the thunder were almost simultaneous . 
 but did we stop ? 
 hell no ! 
 it was hands down , the most extreme experience i ` ve ever had in my entire life . 
 how can you top that ? '' 
 terry was beginning to laugh and said , `` wow , i 've heard many first time stories , but they usually involve rose petals on the bed or champaign and strawberries . 
 this , i have to say , is the most unique one yet . 
 it also proves to me that what i 've heard of human sex drive is true . 
 `` human beings will risk death for sex . '' 
 `` i know right ? '' 
 jay replied laughing at the comment . 
 `` the thing is terry , those are the types of experiences i seemed to have all the time with naeva . 
 they were overwhelming . '' 
 jay sat back and drank some water with a glow on his face . 
 he settled in the chair again and continued . 
 `` the only contrast to how good that felt came afterward . 
 as wonderful as that was , we realized unfortunately , we were cold and wet . 
 our bathing suits had actually washed down the slope of the dune a bit so that was n't fun . 
 it was also still raining and did n't seem to be stopping anytime soon , so we ended up retrieving our bathing suits and going back to the hotel room for dry clothes . 
 afterward we just laid on the bed and passed out , taking a long nap together . 
 i woke up from that nap to the most wonderful thing in the world . 
 naeva kissed me on my lips and when i opened my eyes , i saw her face looking down at me . 
 she looked radiant and she seemed to be studying everything about me . 
 she looked in my eyes , played with my hair and she traced my mouth with her fingertips . 
 then she said , `` i love you so much , it scares me sometimes . '' 
 i just caressed her face telling her i loved her too . 
 then she said the same three words she 'd said at the beach the night we first kissed . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 that time , i had the courage to ask her what that meant , although i really believed i somehow knew already . 
 still , i sat up a bit and asked , `` what does that mean when you ask me that ? 
 you know who i am . '' 
 she nodded her head and said , `` that 's true , i know all about you , but that 's not what i mean . '' 
 i asked , `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she said , `` you know how we both felt when we met ? 
 we could n't believe how comfortable we felt talking to one another , we fit so perfectly , remember ? 
 `` of course , we still do . '' 
 i said . 
 she said , `` i just do n't understand how , or i mean who ... what i mean is , when i ask who are you , i just do n't know why ... '' then she huffed in frustration looking upset she was having trouble putting it into words and said , `` mon dieu ! 
 why ca n't i explain this ? 
 you think i 'm crazy , do n't you ? '' 
 i replied , `` how surprised would you be if i guessed what you meant ? '' 
 she answered , `` how could you ? 
 there 's no way . '' 
 i said , `` i think you ask me that because you ca n't believe that two human beings can love each other as deeply as we do . 
 i think that when you ask me `` who are you ? '' 
 you really hope that i can tell you the reason someone like me exists , and how this could be possible . '' 
 she stared at me with her jaw slightly dropped as though she was in shock . 
 then she asked me , `` how could you know that ? '' 
 i replied , `` because it 's the same for me , i wonder who you are all the time . '' 
 jay moved forward in his chair and rested his hand on his chin . 
 he dropped his head down , and sat with a look on his face that seemed distant and removed from the moment . 
 terry sat waiting quietly and jay finally continued . 
 `` she asked me that after our fist kiss . 
 think about it . 
 those questions about why we just fit together were already questions in her head too , even then . 
 can you believe it ? 
 i mean we just met one another and none of it made any sense to me . '' 
 terry remarked , `` that 's an amazing bond to have with someone . '' 
 jay nodded and said , `` i just realized that i jumped in the story a bit . 
 making love to her happened my second week with naeva , but there was something that happened earlier i wanted to mention as well . 
 me and my friends were only supposed to stay one week . 
 well when the end of the week came , i was already in love with her and i had no intention of going anywhere . 
 i was ready to sleep on the beach every night if i had to . 
 as it turned out , ron gave me the rest of the cash i would need to keep the hotel room up until naeva was suppose to go back home with her sister . 
 he was a good friend . '' 
 jay paused , `` well we both were good friends to one another . 
 hell , i would have done the same for him in a second no questions asked . 
 anyway , that second week was absolute perfection because it was just me and naeva day and night . 
 that was also when we began to find out who the other really was , you know ? 
 it seemed like we were making love pretty much every hour . 
 we talked about our families and things we did when we were younger , religion , opinions on life and just about everything . 
 did i mention we had sex a lot ? '' 
 jay laughed . 
 `` i 'll tell you that when that week ended , we both felt like our lives were over . '' 
 jay froze in his chair and then shook his head . 
 he looked up at terry and tears began to fill his eyes . 
 he dropped his head into his hands and actually cried rather hard for a short time . 
 terry pointed out that there was a box of kleenex on the table next to him which jay used to blows his nose and dry his eyes . 
 he took a deep breath and said , `` i ca n't believe that my brain just described our parting like that . 
 what a rhetorical slash to the throat that was . '' 
 terry asked , `` what do you mean ? '' 
 jay replied , `` i said , when we had to go back to our homes after those two weeks ended , we both felt like our lives were over . 
 in naeva 's case , that 's really what happened . '' 
 terry looked at jay with an inquisitive squint . 
 `` you mean you never saw one another after that day . 
 she died 20 years ago ? '' 
 jay nodded his head and said , `` that 's right . '' 
 terry stopped to think for a moment . 
 `` bare with me , i think i may have missed something , and if so i 'm sorry , but i was under the impression from what you told me earlier that she 'd died more recently . 
 when i reviewed the profile questionnaire you filled out before your first visit , i saw that you were married with children . 
 i 've been assuming that naeva was your spouse . 
 have i got this completely wrong ? '' 
 jay sat there for a moment completely dumbfounded by what terry had just said , but shortly after that he began to smile . 
 suddenly he broke out into laughter . 
 terry smiled back at him and said , `` i 'm happy that you 're laughing instead of how you felt a few moments ago , but i 'm not sure what happened . 
 fill me in . '' 
 jay dropped his head down , snickering a bit and then said , `` i 'll tell you what happened . 
 i 'm a dumb ass terry , that ` s what happened . 
 i got so caught up telling you my story , i completely forgot a gigantic part of the present day situation . '' 
 terry sat back in his chair appearing to be relieved and said , `` good . 
 glad to hear that because right now , i 'm thinking that you 've been married , and still grieving for naeva over the past 20 years . '' 
 jay chuckled again , `` oh my god . 
 no , i have n't been grieving for 20 years . 
 this was recent information . 
 jesus , i 'm sorry terry . '' 
 terry said , `` no need to be sorry , this is starting to make a little more sense to me now but i 'm still not getting how the whole timeline fits together . '' 
 jay replied , `` i know , how could you ? 
 let me just add the part of this whole thing that will bring it together . '' 
 terry put down his note pad and pencil on the desk in an exaggerated way . 
 he straightened his shirt and sat back in his chair as if he was getting ready to be there a while and said , `` i would n't miss this for the world . 
 continue . '' 
 jay chuckled , `` i still ca n't believe i did n't clarify all of this . 
 you see , when naeva went back home , everything was perfect . 
 we would write letters and we would call one another all the time . 
 i just about went broke reimbursing my parents for the long distance bill , but i did n't give a damn . 
 we still talked anyway . 
 we also planned the next time we were going to get together . 
 we had planned a trip to florida during the spring break . 
 sometime in october of that year , it was a friday night . 
 we talked on the phone as usual and she told me that she might not be able to call me for a while since she was going on a trip with her sister up north or something , i ca n't remember exactly . 
 i said , i love you , i hung up the phone , and i never heard her voice again . '' 
 terry looked at jay sadly , `` what happened ? '' 
 jay gave a sarcastic chuckle and became visibly frustrated . 
 `` i never knew what happened terry . 
 i just never heard from her again . 
 can you believe what a fucking cruel joke life pulled on me . 
 i never fucking knew ! 
 god i tried ! 
 i tried so hard not that god helped , that 's a joke . 
 i prayed and i pleaded with that fantasy in the sky for any mercy on me , but the answer was no ! 
 ask me why i do n't number among the happy faithful in this cursed world . '' 
 jay calmed himself down a bit and asked , `` how old are you terry ? '' 
 terry replied , `` i 'm 32 . '' 
 jay nodded , `` alright then , you remember a world without cell phones , computers and social networks . 
 well that 's the world where i met naeva . 
 i had none of that shit back then to help me find her either ! 
 it was n't like now when you could pop in a google search for naeva reese and get 100 hits . 
 the weirdest thing was , i could n't even get anyone in her family by phone or mail . 
 the letters were all marked return to sender . 
 i could n't reach her mother , her sister , no one ! 
 it made no sense to me . 
 i even tried to call the local police in st. john . 
 just try to imagine how far i got with that ! 
 can you imagine calling a foreign country and asking them to give you information on some girl you met over the summer ? 
 it 's not like she was my family . 
 christ , i was n't even a canadian citizen . 
 all they would tell me is that there were no missing person reports filed on her and have a good day eh ? '' 
 you also have to consider that by now , all my friends and family were looking at me like i was pathetic . 
 i would hear things like , `` jay , maybe she just decided to move on and did n't have the courage to tell you . '' 
 that would fucking infuriate me . 
 i was n't rude to them because i knew they were trying to help , but i just could n't believe how she could ever do that . 
 not my naeva . 
 never ! '' 
 terry said , `` that sounds absolutely horrible . 
 you must have felt completely isolated from everyone and everything . '' 
 jay nodded , `` that 's for sure . 
 i felt alone , emotionally destroyed and the worst part was being helpless to do anything about it . 
 i must have tried different things for almost two months and it was coming up on christmas . 
 then one day , i did my desperate evening phone call to her number to find that it had been disconnected . 
 that was it . 
 that was a turning point . 
 the only thing left for me to do was to travel to new brunswick and try to find her . 
 actually go to her house . 
 if it was that first month , i probably would have done it , but now i was starting to have doubts myself . 
 i started to imagine how horrible it would be if i traveled to st. john , and showed up at her door . 
 then i 'd have to endure the whole awkward moment of finding her , only to be told she really just changed her mind about me . 
 how pathetic would that be ? 
 i kept hearing everyone around me say that i was just a victim , and she dumped you , give it up . 
 they would say , `` you only knew her for two weeks , are you serious ? 
 she ` s moved on jay , time for you to do the same . '' 
 again and again i 'd hear it like a mantra in my head . 
 my friends did n't even want to be with me the way i was acting , not that i blame them . 
 i was a fucking mess . 
 all i knew , was that i just could n't do it anymore . 
 it was destroying me . 
 so i stopped just like that . 
 i gave up and i tried to get used to the fact that she 'd just found someone else . 
 you would think i would have hated her or something but i was really just numb . 
 i found a way to just switch it off in my brain , and i stopped feeling anything when i thought of her . 
 i got to be an expert at never thinking of her at all . 
 she became like a short wonderful dream , and then a long horrible nightmare . 
 terry looked at jay sincerely sad for what he 'd gone through and said , `` i wish i could have been there for you then . 
 it sounds like you really needed some support , but unfortunately , all i can try to do is get you through what 's happening now . 
 did you did say that you found out she passed away just recently . 
 when was that ? '' 
 jay replied , `` about 6 months ago . '' 
 terry nodded , `` that is pretty recent . 
 how did you find out ? '' 
 jay drank some water and ran his hands through his hair . 
 he said , `` it was of all things , a friday night . 
 my wife fell asleep early and i was on facebook just posting some bullshit . 
 i 've reconnected with many of my old of my old friends from years ago . 
 billy bob and angie are on the list . 
 apparently holly is not a technology advocate like me and the rest of us so i could n't find her , although angie sees her once and a while . 
 that night i was kind of bored , and as i looked at the list of old friends , i started to wonder . 
 is there a chance she 's actually out there ? 
 i went to search and typed in naeva reese and i was surprised because i actually got some hits , but they were all really young and definitely not her . 
 as i was looking through the list of names , i saw the name tristan reese in st john , new brunswick . 
 i remembered that her younger brother 's name was tristan . 
 it 's not a common name where i grew up , so i guess that 's why i remembered it . 
 when i looked at his picture , he was about the right age so i thought , why not ? 
 just for the hell it i messaged him and asked if he was related to naeva reese and if not please disregard . 
 honestly terry , i did n't think there was a chance in hell it was him , or that he would even respond . 
 terry remarked with a serious expression , `` i take it he did ? '' 
 jay nodded back , `` oh yah , did he ever . 
 what really freaked me out was how fast it happened . 
 he answered in under three minutes , saying that he was her younger brother and asked who i was . 
 when i told him that she was my girlfriend for a little while , and in what year , i got an immediate friend acceptance and we were on chat together . 
 i just came straight out with it and asked him what happened to her , and he gave me an answer just as directly . 
 he said that she 'd died that year in plane crash along with her sister and father . '' 
 jay stopped talking and just sat silently trying to hold back the urge to become emotional . 
 he stared at a single spot on the carpet in front of him and soon regained his ability to continue . 
 terry said , `` my god jay , that 's extremely tragic , it 's no wonder you 're being hurt so much by this . 
 you do n't need to hold back emotions here . '' 
 jay looked up at him . 
 he took a deep breath and said , `` i know i do n't have to , but i want to . 
 i have more to say and i ca n't do it if i 'm sniveling . 
 anyway , as you can imagine , it felt like someone had unloaded a shotgun into my chest . 
 i remember sitting there for a moment in shock rereading what he 'd posted to see if i 'd somehow misread it . 
 finally , i told him i had no idea that had happened and said how sorry i was . 
 if he only knew how sorry . 
 he replied with the usual gratitude and socially acceptable exchange of words , but then said something that just destroyed me . 
 he told me that he remembered me . 
 he said he remembered me because naeva spent that whole summer on the phone with me until she left on the trip when she died . 
 apparently she hated talking on the phone , which i never knew about her , but he remembered how her mother would yell at her for talking to that american boy for so long that no one else could use the phone . 
 he finished with the words , `` she was completely love sick for you . '' 
 jay up looked at terry who appeared very sad and sat quietly shaking his head . 
 jay added , `` remember how the first bit of news felt like a shotgun to my chest ? 
 well you guessed it . 
 reload , aim and fire . 
 boom ! 
 tristan must have thought i dropped dead because i could n't even respond to him . 
 i finally typed `` sorry gtg '' and i was done . '' 
 terry was still sitting in silence not knowing what to say . 
 finally he said , `` i would like to tell you that i know what that must have been like , but i do n't think i could . 
 i ca n't even imagine it . '' 
 jay said , `` that 's a good thing not to be able to imagine , believe me . 
 that night i just put on my coat and walked out the door of my house and into the dark . 
 i walked to a big park nearby and when i got to the middle of a huge field , i dropped to my knees and completely fell apart . 
 i did n't even know what falling apart felt like before that moment . 
 in case you 're wondering , it fucking sucked ! '' 
 for hours i just wandered around outside . 
 the fact it was february , limited how much time i could really stay outside without freezing to death . 
 i ended up going home and sat in a dark living room staring out the window until the sun came up . 
 there was no way i could sleep . 
 as you can imagine , i had a hard time trying to act like things were fine when i was around my family or at work . 
 it 's not like i could share this with my wife and she obviously noticed i was miserable . 
 if she brought it up , i would blame it on work or the cold dark winter days . 
 terry asked , `` do you think you 're dealing with it any better now then back then ? 
 jay said , `` well , i do n't know if it 's better , but it 's different , i mean i hide it better . 
 back when i first found out about it , i was profoundly sad . 
 now i 'm just pissed off . 
 really pissed off . '' 
 terry asked , `` not that i blame you , and i could probably guess your answer , but i want to hear it from you . 
 why are you pissed off ? '' 
 jay replied , `` i 'm pissed because i never knew what happened terry . '' 
 jay began to raise his voice and became more animated . 
 `` i 'm pissed because i spent the last 20 years of my life dismissing my memory of her all because i thought she never loved me . 
 i thought i was a love blind stupid little boy who fell for the girl who was too good for him and got taught a lesson . 
 i loved her so much ! 
 my god i loved her , i loved her ! 
 i fucking loved - that - girl ! '' 
 jay beat his fist against the chair with every accented word . 
 there was the sound of a crack in wooden arm of the chair and jay said , `` shit , sorry . '' 
 wiggling it to see it was loose . '' 
 terry remarked , `` hell with the chair jay , keep going . '' 
 jay released his jaw from being clenched as tightly as it was and said , `` i had to wait this long living with shame and pain , to find out that she loved me just as much as i loved her to the day she died . 
 after thinking about it , i realized that she died that weekend after i last talked to her . 
 it all began to make sense to me . 
 that 's all i ever wanted it to do was to make sense ! 
 i ended up talking to tristan again later on . 
 evidently naeva , their sister and father were in a small plane that crashed on take off into the trees . 
 it happened in northern canada near hudson bay . 
 i even found the story about it now that the internet is around . 
 i also found out that tristan 's a good guy , with a tragic past . 
 i more or less told him what i 'm going through , and it helped a little , but he was so young back then . 
 i just do n't feel right talking to him about my issues . 
 i just feel bad for him . 
 i guess his mom and him moved from their house after that happened and they never went back . 
 i mean now it all makes sense to me , but i ca n't get over how cheated i feel you know ? 
 twenty years . 
 it took that long to find out that i was n't wrong . 
 i was right about everything . 
 i was n't wrong about her ! 
 you know it 's still hard for me to say that with conviction . 
 i was not wrong about her , she really did love me with all of her heart , just like i always thought . 
 there 's part of me now that feels guilty for not having enough faith in her , as if it even matters now . 
 i guess you can see why i 'm a train wreck some of the time . '' 
 terry nodded his head and said , `` i get the fact you feel cheated , believe me i do , but is n't it nice to know that you were right about her . 
 i would think it would validate what you two had as something to be cherished instead suppressing it . '' 
 jay grinned and said , `` touché , misour therapist , well played . 
 you do have a point , and yes , i am happy about being right . 
 my anger comes more when i think about the amount of time i had to live with not knowing it , and all of the other things that go with it . '' 
 terry nodded , `` that i fully understand . 
 those other things that you mentioned . 
 what are they ? '' 
 jay sat back in the chair again . 
 he thought for a moment , `` hmmm . 
 that is a good question . 
 what am i battling with ? 
 i would have to say that 's hard to answer . 
 it ` s a lot of little shit that all snowballs in to something big . '' 
 terry asked , `` well , then ask yourself , `` what drives me to the emotional outbursts ? 
 what things are going round and round in my brain ? 
 some people would call these thoughts , their demons . '' 
 jay grinned , `` oh not my demons , not them , i like those guys . '' 
 he chuckled and then replied seriously , `` i 'm avoiding the question . 
 i know what you mean . 
 i would have to say that my biggest problem now is `` what if '' ? 
 what if she did n't die ? 
 what if i never looked for her name in cyberspace ? 
 what if i 'd known back then , what really happened to her . 
 would i have been a different person ? 
 there is a huge possibility that i would have been a completely different man than i am now and made completely different decisions . 
 terry asked , `` how so ? '' 
 jay replied , `` i can tell without a doubt , that i became a changed person after that happened to me . 
 people noticed it . 
 i became more distrustful of women i dated . 
 my self esteem was shot to hell so i did n't take the same chances when meeting people . 
 now tell me that i acted the same way . '' 
 then jay smiled and said , `` you do realize that i 'm telling you the way i feel at my worst right . 
 this is not the way i go through my day . '' 
 terry said , `` i 'm used to that , and yes i understand . 
 let me ask you , a question . 
 do you have a belief that your life would have been perfect if naeva would have lived ? '' 
 jay smiled and thought for a moment . 
 `` i would be lying if i said it did n't cross my mind , after all you never really know , but i 'm pretty sure i have a handle on the reality of that question . 
 face it , i 'm a little too ripe to be lost in fantasy at my age . 
 i 'm aware of the fact that my memory of naeva was of being `` in love '' . 
 you know , that dizzy , dancing euphoria and happy feeling that you ` re in paradise ? 
 it 's almost its own brand of mental illness . 
 i always said , if you could package a chemical that would make a person feel like that , everyone in the world would be an addict . '' 
 terry smiled and said , `` they 're called endorphins . '' 
 jay leaned forward and jokingly whispered , `` bro , you got any of that shit ? 
 hook me up . . '' 
 to which terry laughed . 
 then he looked at jay seriously and said , `` i 'm glad you really do have a rational view of this . 
 what you just said shows me that . '' 
 jay nodded and remarked , `` i know what it is to be in love . 
 i felt much the same way about my wife when we first met . 
 that may be a little hard to remember now , things being what they are . 
 things have been a bit tough lately , and the current state of marital problems do n`t help me with the `` what if '' question , that 's for damn sure . 
 if anything , it fuels the fantasy even more . 
 yet looking back , my wife and i made a wonderful life together , i love her and we had fun crating the life we have now . 
 i lived my dreams , love my kids and i am who i am . '' 
 terry said , `` that 's great . 
 you really do possess a rational acceptance of the events that make up a rewarding life . 
 not everyone can do that . 
 you 're also talking a lot differently than the guy who did a bruce lee on the arm of my chair a little while back . '' 
 jay smirked , `` well as i said , you 're seeing me at my worst . 
 god knows it feels good actually talking about it . 
 i just have to find a way to stop being hit by these moments of sadness and anger . 
 that 's hard to deal with . '' 
 terry nodded , `` that it is . 
 that is one of the biggest problems with grief . 
 no one likes it , it 's terrible , but it 's a process and you need to go through or it does n't end . 
 i 'm also sorry to say my friend , that you ca n't rush through it either . 
 what i would like you to do is keep track of the moments when the demons come . 
 you can put it on paper , or your phone , whatever . 
 just make a journal , and bring it with you next time so we can talk about it , ok ? '' 
 jay nodded , `` sure . 
 that seems easy enough . '' 
 then jay pulled his phone from his pocket and started playing with it . 
 he said , `` i know , we 're out of time and i do n't want to back you up with patients , but i need to show you one thing more . '' 
 terry said , `` of course , what is it ? '' 
 jay replied , `` i told you that i needed to tell the story and want to thank you for being an outstanding audience , but it would n't be complete unless i showed you a picture . '' 
 jay smiled as he looked down at his phone said , `` i scanned this picture into my phone a few months back . 
 it was a taken of naeva during our second week together . 
 i actually took it two days before she had to go home . 
 it was getting close to sunset , and i told her i wanted to have a photograph of her to keep with me , so when i looked at it , it reminded me of being with her . 
 she posed and smiled for a bunch of pictures , and when i had them developed , they all looked beautiful to me , but there was one picture that i took that stood out . 
 it was the only picture i kept of her . 
 i just could n't let it go . 
 that night we took the pictures , i said to her , `` do me a favor . 
 when i say go , i want you to think of how much you love me and give me you warmest smile . '' 
 she agreed and i said `` ok , go . '' 
 this is that picture . '' 
 jay turned his phone so terry could see the picture on the screen . 
 he said , `` i thought it fitting to name the picture `` who are you ? '' 
 terry smiled at the comment and looked at the screen . 
 as he did , jay saw terry 's face go from the usual polite expression to an intense stare followed by a peaceful calm . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 terry asked reaching for jay 's phone . 
 he examined the picture closely for a while , and handed the phone back to jay saying , `` they say a picture is worth a thousand words . 
 this one leaves me speechless . 
 i really mean that . 
 you know that as tragic as things may seem to be , you were given a gift that some people only dream of . 
 remember that now that you 're remembering her . 
 i 'll see you in a week ok ? 
 jay put his phone back in his pocket and with a smile he politely said , `` in a week then , see you terry . '' 
 jay left the office and walked out into the warm summer day still holding the phone in his hand . 
 as he sat down in his car , he opened his window and pulled up the image of naeva still displayed on the screen . 
 he spoke quietly under his breath and whispered , `` i just wish you could speak to me just one more time . 
 i wonder what you would say . '' 
 the familiar buzz of an incoming text startled him from the trance he was in . 
 as he pulled it up , he saw it was from his wife . 
 as looked at the screen , he smiled when he saw three words that read , `` where are you ? '' 
 a feeling of peace came over him and he laughed , looking up at the blue sky from his car window . 
 thinking of naeva he said , `` i should n't be surprised , that 's the same question i would ask you . '' 
 then he replied to his wife with a happiness that had been absent for so long . 
 with an endearing smile and a feeling of completion in his life , he replied , `` i 'm on my way home . 
 i love you . '' 
 *** authors comments : thank you for taking the time to read deux semaines . 
 i hope that some of the experiences and people referenced touched your emotions in many of the same ways that they did mine . 
 if you would like to see other stories , poetry and published novels , please visit my website at : http://www.timspirits.com 
