 a sampler pack by jill cooper devour stand alone paranormal romance life in gloucester massachusetts will never be the same . 
 raging storms , fierce winds , shadows shifting in the breeze . 
 storms are nothing new for the fishing hamlet . 
 but darkness has come to claim the hearts and minds of those that stand in it too long . 
 when that happens , love will be ripped from man leaving only violence , despair , and gnashing teeth . 
 except for two . 
 roberta is a single mom , a waitress struggling to get through life after a rocky start tainted by murder and loss . 
 her heart yearns for gabriel ; a deputy living in the shadow of the chief . 
 he 's a battle weary soldier ready to settle down . 
 when the storm comes , when the murders start , it will be up to them to stop it before darkness is n't just an empty void . 
 chapter one roberta `` your father wants to see you . '' 
 i heard the words and i choked on my coffee . 
 it sprayed out of my mouth , covering the counter . 
 all i could think was ` what a waste of coffee ' . 
 quickly searched for a rag . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 my voice shook . 
 i did n't know what else to say . 
 `` i know , ms. blake , it 's been years since he 's asked to see you . 
 but he 's an old man now and if you could find it in your heart -- . '' 
 `` to see the man that killed my mother ? '' 
 i blurted the words out and my eyes narrowed to match the anger brewing in my heart . 
 the anger that would never defuse , leaving my emotions like a ticking time bomb . 
 `` he has something on his chest he needs to get off . 
 he ca n't hurt you anymore , but if you could do this one thing and come to the prison . 
 see him this one time -- . '' 
 `` to make him feel better ? '' 
 i snorted and threw the sopping wet rag into the sink . 
 my eyes surveyed the living room to make sure danielle had n't made her entrance yet . 
 when i was sure she was still safe in her room , i turned around , resting my back up against the counter . 
 `` he says he has something important to tell you . 
 give you a warning . '' 
 `` a warning ? '' 
 my heart dropped . 
 `` you mean a threat , do n't you ? '' 
 `` personally i think it 's an excuse just to get you here . 
 the time has n't been kind to him . 
 i do n't think he has much longer on this earth . 
 i would n't want to live with that sort of regret , would you ? '' 
 i did n't say good-bye . 
 i just hung up the phone and sighed , putting my hands on my hips . 
 for once i wished the phone company had followed through with their threats and turned off my phone . 
 i tried to shake it off . 
 i had no choice . 
 there were things i needed to do . 
 like drop my daughter off at school , get to work , and forget that my dad wanted anything to do with me . 
 i was a kid when he last tried to see me . 
 so why could n't he leave well enough alone ? 
 i threw together a sloppy sandwich consisting of ham and cheese . 
 then i slid it into the pink lunchbox on the cluttered counter . 
 `` come on danielle ! '' 
 i yelled and took the last bite of my toast before rinsing off my plate . 
 in the distance i heard the stomping of feet . 
 time to forget my problems and become mom . 
 but it was hard , damn hard . 
 hard when you could barely remember your mom except for images of her blood stained night gown , laying on her bed . 
 while your father screamed , swore , in ways you had never seen before . 
 it was enough to drive a young girl mad . 
 a moment later there danielle was with swaying blond pigtails with a speckle of freckles across her cheeks and the bridge of her nose . 
 cute as a button and her coloring was reminiscent of her dead father . 
 life was nothing but hardship , pain and grief . 
 i learned that early on . 
 `` we 're going to be late . '' 
 i sighed and handed the pink , sparkling backpack over . 
 danielle grinned , showing off her missing front tooth and i melted at the sight . 
 her smile had a way of winning me over even when i was stressed out of my gourd . 
 i leaned over and kissed her forehead . 
 `` grab your jacket and let 's go peanut . '' 
 `` got it ! '' 
 danielle went on running again for her room . 
 one pink tutu over yellow leggings with bright purple rain boots would n't have been my first choice for school , but little girls must be little girls . 
 rick bought her that tutu and even though it was frayed now , i did n't have the heart to tell her to change . 
 i put my raincoat on over my blue waitress uniform . 
 it was n't raining , but the morning air was always filled with dew when you lived by the ocean . 
 and in the fishing town of gloucester , it was all by the ocean . 
 we left our small brownstone apartment and headed across the street to my beat up cutlass , blue and it never met a bump on the road it liked . 
 the thing could creak and groan like an old man on its death bed , but hopefully the car still had some life in it . 
 danielle jumped in the backseat while i smiled at mr. harper walking down the sidewalk . 
 even early in the morning downtown was hopping . 
 it was a good day for it too . 
 there were a few clouds in the sky , but the sun was shining brightly and my sprits lifted as i turned on the old girl . 
 the motor roared to life and barely made the tink tink noise it had been doing the last several mornings . 
 you took good days where you could get them . 
 the radio buzzed to life with static and a hum . 
 `` ... in other news memorial service for nathan johnson starts tomorrow at 2pm over at the miller funeral home on essex ... '' my heart banged and i swatted at the dial , turning the damn thing off . 
 how many times had i seen nathan and his wife at the market ? 
 now he was just another line of fisherman lost at sea . 
 just like rick . 
 how many fisherman were going to die before anyone took the risks seriously ? 
 nobody wanted to talk about what was really going on . 
 fisherman out on boats at the wrong time of year . 
 fisherman disappearing with no traces and their boats so beat up , it was like they were chewed up by something with big teeth . 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 people thought i was a conspiracy theorist . 
 maybe it was true , but nothing would settle the rumble in my gut . 
 danielle was quiet as we drove toward her school . 
 through the rear view mirror i saw her doodling in her notebook with one of her glitter crayons . 
 her lip twisted to the side while she concentrated , just like her dad . 
 my heart panged with the memory and his smell , his whisper against my neck in the middle of the night , left me so numb i barely felt the pain . 
 `` drawing anything good ? '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` just daddy . '' 
 my fingers clenched the steering wheel . 
 almost a year and it seemed the only pictures she really ever drew , were of her dead father . 
 i knew she missed him , i just wished she would move on . 
 the school psychologists said it would happen in time , i just wished that time was already there . 
 for both of us . 
 i must have spaced out because suddenly someone stepped out in front of the crosswalk . 
 my teeth gritted together and i slammed on the breaks . 
 tense fingers gripped the steering wheel as the car came to a screeching halt . 
 i lunged forward and then rocked back . 
 the old lady was pushing her walker and did n't even pat an eye at me . 
 damn , old broad . 
 i laid in on the horn and only then did she glance at me , but her face was unmoving , almost like stone . 
 `` jesus , '' i muttered under my breath and threw a look back at danielle . 
 i was taken aback by how fine she was , just continuing to draw something in her notebook . 
 `` you okay , baby ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` i do n't want to be late . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` school . '' 
 my foot eased on the gas and we started again , passing by the quaint old brick buildings that made up our downtown . 
 from old smoke shops , to antique stores , and coffee shops , it was all here . 
 it was quaint and made for the perfect stroll in those summer months . 
 when we arrived at the school , i pulled into the drop off lane . 
 `` bye , sweet pea . '' 
 danielle reached into the front and hugged me . 
 `` i 'll pick you up at kate 's once i get off work . '' 
 she nodded with a faint smile . 
 i wondered what she thought of spending so much time with her babysitter ; if she missed me being home all the time . 
 did n't matter much , i could n't change how things were , but i worried about her . 
 missed her . 
 some days i was just treading water . 
 barely paying the bills , barely being her mother . 
 i sat there for so long , i missed danielle making it safe inside and behind me someone wailed on their horn . 
 guess that 's what i deserved for honking at an eighty year old woman crossing the street . 
 `` okay , okay ! '' 
 i hissed and cranked the wheel . 
 time to get to george 's diner . 
 a small unassuming building a few blocks from the school was where i had worked since rick died . 
 it was n't exactly run down , but the shutters did n't close all the way anymore . 
 the screen door squeaked as i pried it open and the sweet smell of pancakes greeted me . 
 `` morning , '' i said with as much cheer as i could muster and bustled to the back to hang up my coat . 
 the cooks were busy sizzling bacon and doing prep for the lunch specials . 
 when i got to the counter i eyed the clock and saw i was five minutes late . 
 typical . 
 what else was knew . 
 george gruffed from inside the kitchen . 
 a big bald man with more chins than pimples , and that was saying a lot . 
 `` sorry , george . '' 
 i gritted my teeth and grimaced as i waited for him to yell at me , or dock my pay . 
 instead he just went . 
 `` hmmpf . 
 good help is hard to find these days . '' 
 `` if you wanted good help , dear than maybe you should consider paying us more . '' 
 harriet said with a hearty chuckle . 
 dear old harriet had been at the diner since it opened over thirty years ago . 
 a sweet old woman with gray curls and a matching sweater over her waitress uniform , her bones creaked , but her spirit would never be dampened . 
 that 's what she always said anyway . 
 she was one of the two bright spots in my life since joining george 's diner . 
 lord knew george was n't one of them . 
 but he put up with me when he did n't have to . 
 so maybe i should have tried harder to get to work on time , but it seemed no matter what i did , nothing ever went right . 
 the door chimed and i glanced over , fluffing my red curls slightly . 
 he was right on time . 
 with brooding wide shoulders , deputy gabriel manning could fill out a uniform in all the right places . 
 his hair was sandy brown , and soft like an ocean 's wave . 
 my heart skipped a beat in the way it had when i knew gabriel growing up , but what girl had n't had a crush on him ? 
 `` deputy . '' 
 i said with a smile as i poured a cup of coffee into a styrofoam cup and attached a lid . 
 `` danish ? '' 
 `` not today . 
 i have to watch the calories . '' 
 gabriel smiled and patted his perfectly flat stomach . 
 perfectly perfect was more like it . 
 on more than one occasion i had imagined him without his shirt . 
 always made me feel guilty , i was n't ready to move on , and he just was n't my friend . 
 he was rick 's friend too . 
 that just made it a whole host of complicated and while i knew gabriel should have been off-limits , nobody told my heart that . 
 he took the coffee and his fingers swept across mine gently , but i knew he did it on purpose . 
 it made me blush , but my heart sprouted wings . 
 he had been working up to something for a while , but i never said anything . 
 always pretended i did n't notice . 
 my heart shouted at me through a bullhorn to say or do anything , but the guilt stopped me . 
 guilt like i was betraying my dead soon-to-be-husband with his closest friend . 
 meanwhile rick was somewhere at the bottom of gloucester harbor , still never found . 
 `` busy day ahead ? '' 
 i asked and busied myself with wiping down the counter as the door chimed again . 
 the early morning breakfast crowd was arriving , just on time . 
 `` oh , the usual . 
 ms. davis will complain about loud noise coming from across the street at about 10am . 
 then i might get to rescue a cat stuck in a tree . 
 oh , we do have to look into some zoning issues for next week 's kid and stroller parade . '' 
 `` well , sounds like you have a busy schedule . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` danielle 's already working on her entry . 
 she has her dolls , i mean babies , outfit all picked out . 
 tonight we 're attaching some more paper machete to her old stroller . '' 
 i rested my hand on the counter and he put his hand on top . 
 my chest filled with warmth even if neither of us said anything or acknowledged it was even happening . 
 `` i 'm sure she 'll win top prize . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow , roberta . '' 
 he winked . 
 `` okay , '' i said simply , biting my lip . 
 i knew my face flushed , but that did n't stop him from leaning over to kiss my cheek . 
 gabriel tilted his hat to me like he always did with a small glint in his eye . 
 i wanted to say something . 
 anything . 
 but i did n't . 
 i watched after him while i picked up a take-out menu and fanned myself . 
 it was suddenly awfully hot in the diner for october . 
 `` he is a looker , ai n't he ? '' 
 harriet said over my shoulder and went `` tsk , tsk . '' 
 silently i agreed . 
 `` not sure what he 'd want with me . '' 
 harriet patted my shoulder . 
 `` that 's for him to decide , do n't you think ? 
 you could count yourself lucky . 
 if i was forty years younger , you can bet i would . '' 
 she moved on and i smirked . 
 i knew very well how she felt . 
 lord knew , she reminded me enough . 
 gabriel was rick 's friend , so how could i ? 
 sport games , movie nights , it had been the three of us . 
 so now what ? 
 now what ? 
 the door chimed and hungry patrons began pouring in . 
 `` time to get to work . '' 
 i picked up my waitress pad , put on my cheerful smile , and hurried to greet our first customers of the day . 
 on the way over , the lights above the counter flickered and made an electrical zot-zot noise . 
 i could even smell the warm , electrical current . 
 it made me stop and think of another night when i had seen such a thing . 
 the night my mother died . 
 killed . 
 at the hand of my father . 
 but the curtains along the back window were still . 
 they were n't billowing in the breeze with malicious intent . 
 oh , the things a child will see in the dark . 
 `` you okay , rob ? '' 
 harriet asked , rubbing my arm . 
 i nodded nervously . 
 unable to shake that something was wrong . 
 something was coming . 
 it was silly and superstitious , but i had this feeling before . 
 i thought it was silly then too . 
 when i lost rick . 
 the rewind series 15 minutes ya time travel thriller with romance the future can be a dangerous place when you changed the past ... 15 minutes is all the rewind agency gives a person when they travel to the past , but for lara crane it 's enough for her to race through the city , find her mother , and stop her from being killed in a mugging that happened over ten years ago . 
 but the story she 's been told all her life is a lie . 
 when lara takes a bullet meant for her mother , her future changes forever . 
 a new house , new friends and a new boyfriend turns lara 's life upside down . 
 she thinks if she can save her father from prison , reunite him with her mother , everything will be fine . 
 15 minutes is an edgy high octane ya thriller where the people lara trusts change in an instant . 
 she is in a timeline she does n't understand , and is about to make one fatal mistake as she faces an enemy so familiar , he 's family . 
 chapter one i have fifteen minutes . 
 `` lara crane ? '' 
 standing in the sterile waiting room of the time travel agency known simply as rewind , i turn towards the voice . 
 a redhead technician with a tight ballerina bun offers me a handshake . 
 i 've met her before . 
 her name is delilah . 
 i should be in second period lab class , but instead i cut . 
 i have something more important to do than completing junior year chemistry . 
 `` nice to see you again . '' 
 after a glance over my shoulder , i follow her through a tiny hallway and into a secure room . 
 i crinkle paper brochures in one hand , and with the other repeatedly tuck my hair behind my ears . 
 her lips perch together in a tight smile . 
 `` you too , ms. crane . 
 one of my favorite return visitors . '' 
 i sit down in the overstuffed black recliner , and when she latches the door , the metallic boom makes my heart skip a beat . 
 this is it . 
 turning back is not an option . 
 the stark white walls , sparsely covered with posters , make me feel like a trapped rat . 
 time travel has rules , the posters warn , and i plan on breaking every one . 
 a daughter will do anything for her mother . 
 i have one chance at this , and with my heightened blood pressure , it 's clear my body knows it . 
 once you travel back to a specific time , it 's catalogued as off limits . 
 frequent travel to the same moment , in the same space , causes a rut in space , like pacing across a worn floor . 
 if i fail , if i ca n't do this , my mother will remain dead forever . 
 the technician is wearing all white , and her shoes squeak against the shiny silver tiles . 
 she straps the belt around my lap , and my knees bounce up from my bottled-up tension . 
 the clustered nerves in my gut grow larger . 
 i swallow to settle them , but bile rises in my throat . 
 delilah sits at her computer a few feet in front of me , probably checking the records for my time travel history . 
 this is my tenth trip , thanks to the frequent visitor discount card delilah sold me on my second visit . 
 i 've been time travelling to plot my route and improve my sprinting time through the city . 
 she slides over to me on her desk chair . 
 her eyes search mine , and they glint with distrust . 
 `` we checked out the date and location , '' delilah says . 
 `` it seems like a happy memory . 
 how old were you ? '' 
 she 's scoping me out . 
 i try hard to keep eye contact . 
 i 've worked too hard on this to get found out now . 
 it took every penny i had to pay for this final trip . 
 `` i was five . 
 i sang in front of the mayor . 
 my dad was there . 
 it was a big deal to me then . '' 
 delilah slips a standard white hospital-issue heart monitor on my finger and clamps it tightly , catching my skin . 
 with a deft movement of her foot , the chair reclines like the one in the dentist 's office , and i 'm peering up at the glass ceiling . 
 she speaks again , seemingly bored now , as she goes through her pockets looking for something until she pulls out a pen . 
 `` you 'll have fifteen minutes and will have to watch from the hall . '' 
 i nod and try to keep from sweating , but my heart is beating so rapidly it 's echoing in my ears . 
 her eyes are steady on mine , and her lips pinch together . 
 she recites as if from memory , `` no interactions and do n't try to meet or touch anyone along the way . 
 you would n't be able to anyway . '' 
 or so she thinks . 
 my fingers grip the flyers . 
 hidden beneath them is a photo of my mom . 
 `` we 'll be monitoring you . 
 any sudden changes in your breathing or heartbeat and we 'll yank you out . '' 
 delilah injects my neck with the sleep serum . 
 it pinches like a snapping beetle , and the electrodes surge on my temple . 
 my head tingles . 
 electricity pulses through my skin , making my foot twitch and my finger clutch involuntarily . 
 my eyelids are heavy . 
 they close , but the sound of banging forces them open again . 
 i see rick , my boyfriend , through the window in the door . 
 he bangs the glass with his hand , and i grip the armrest as restraints clamp down on my forearms . 
 `` arrest him , '' she hisses into a wall intercom , and armed security guards force rick 's arms behind his back . 
 delilah turns to me and gives me a smile . 
 it does n't look friendly . 
 it 's chilling . 
 `` she 's ready to go back . '' 
 `` lara ! '' 
 he screams , and the longing , the begging in his voice breaks me . 
 `` do n't do this , lara ! '' 
 the chair begins to spin , and the room swirls around me until i 'm dizzy with the urge to vomit . 
 the velocity forces my head back against the cushion , and my mouth falls open . 
 i whisper a single word . 
 `` mom . '' 
 **** i open my eyes . 
 i 'm standing in the yellow halls of a cheerful school decorated with construction paper artwork . 
 the hall waves in front of my vision as though i 'm lost beneath the ocean , and my legs tremble . 
 i slide my feet forward , so i can lean against a locker for support . 
 i have no memory of what i did before this . 
 i rub my temples . 
 i 'm missing something , and my head throbs . 
 i flip through the papers i notice in my hand . 
 it 's a pamphlet that says i have fifteen minutes to be in the past . 
 time travel ? 
 flipping through the pages i see short-term memory loss is to be expected but will fade soon . 
 i paid money to go back , but why into a school ? 
 something about it is familiar , and i know the hall i 'm standing in leads to a music room . 
 but i do n't know how i know any of this . 
 i just do . 
 as if memories were uploaded into my brain . 
 a photo falls from my papers and lands face up . 
 her face . 
 her eyes . 
 it 's like looking in the mirror . 
 i scoop the picture up and head down the hall . 
 a piano chord strikes . 
 the soft tone echoes toward me , and the digital watch on my wrist beeps . 
 a rush of memories slam into my mind , knocking me off balance . 
 i wobble on my feet as if the collision were physical . 
 i retch , the vomit threatening to spill . 
 swallowing , it burns like racing lava . 
 i check my watch . 
 i only have thirteen minutes left . 
 i do n't bother to look through the doors to find five-year-old me . 
 instead , i race down the hall , feet gliding across the linoleum . 
 my hood flaps behind me as my body crashes into the elementary school front doors . 
 blinding sunlight greets me , and i am flying down the hill . 
 my arms pump , and i suck in deep breaths of air , like i learned in my time as a sprinter at cambridge high . 
 rounding the corner onto mass avenue , i see tower records off in the distance . 
 beep . 
 i now have ten minutes to run eight blocks in time to save mom . 
 if i do n't make it , if i fail , i wo n't get another shot . 
 my chest aches , and in my mind , i see mom . 
 i 've seen her in pictures , but my memories of her are pretty much gone . 
 i want to remember her tucking me into bed and cooking me dinners . 
 now i am alone and have microwaved bowls of macaroni and cheese . 
 maybe it was n't dad 's fault . 
 maybe he did his best , but i want more . 
 i want a mom . 
 my legs burn , and my lungs beg me to stop , but i keep going . 
 i push harder and edge my body on until i 'm desperate to collapse . 
 a woman steps out from a store . 
 i take a hard right to avoid her , clipping my arm on a brick wall . 
 i groan and pause to bend over with my hands braced on my legs . 
 i take a gulping breath of pain that my lungs reject . 
 the woman comes up behind me and puts her hand on my shoulder . 
 shrugging her off , i sprint away . 
 eight minutes . 
 i round the corner toward tower records with anxiety tight in my chest . 
 this is where it happens . 
 this is where mom 's body will be found . 
 my run slows to a trot as i stop beside the giant music store . 
 i peer up at the towering skyscraper as i round the back , down an alley . 
 quiet shadows loom around the dumpster . 
 a breeze sweeps by and blows a trash bag open . 
 i catch the stench of decomposing meat , churning my stomach . 
 my head pounds . 
 i groan and grab my temples . 
 behind me i hear a woman 's voice . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 her voice rings a bell only in my deepest dreams . 
 my movements slow as i turn and stare into my mother 's face . 
 her eyes are blue like mine , and her face is framed with curls . 
 the stillness of the sight shocks me . 
 i knew i would see her if i was successful , but i was n't ready for how my heart would ache or how badly i 'd want to hug her . 
 she has a book in one hand and a cell phone in another . 
 the phone is blinking , suggesting she 's been on a call and maybe whoever is on the other end might still be listening . 
 but mom does n't seem to care ; her eyes are fixed on me . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 despite my dry mouth , my voice sounds normal , but i am anything but . 
 `` only a headache . '' 
 mom smiles , and her warmth spreads to me . 
 `` well it 's no wonder , being back here . 
 come out on the street where the air is fresh . 
 we 'll get you a bottle of water . '' 
 i follow her on autopilot and watch her retrieve a bottle of water from her brown leather messenger bag . 
 around us , pedestrians walk by . 
 any one of them could be her killer , but maybe by being here i 've saved her . 
 maybe i stopped her from going too far into the alley . 
 i sip the water offered to me , and as she takes it back , mom asks , `` what did you say your name was ? '' 
 `` lara , '' i answer before i can stop . 
 i squeeze my eyes shut . 
 my heart skips a beat with regret . 
 `` that 's funny , '' she laughs . 
 `` that 's my daughter 's name . '' 
 her eyes are n't suspicious . 
 her face is only kind . 
 my wrist watch beeps . 
 i 'm down to two minutes . 
 mom turns towards the music store , and i follow . 
 i see a man in the alley out of the corner of my eye . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 mouth agape , her head whips toward me . 
 `` what did you call me ? '' 
 there 's no time to answer . 
 a gun goes off . 
 i throttle her back , and she crumbles to the pavement . 
 i take her place and feel a pinch in my side . 
 my hand covers it instantly , and my legs wobble like jelly . 
 i crash to the pavement , and my knees crunch under the impact . 
 i grimace with my hand over the wound . 
 for a moment , my eyes lock with the shooter . 
 he has dark hair and brown eyes . 
 his brow furrows , and his lip snarls . 
 whoever he is , in that brief moment i tremble in fear . 
 then he takes off running . 
 around me people scream and run for cover . 
 the ones that do n't are by my side . 
 someone calls for help . 
 my breath echoes in my ear . 
 mom is there , taking me by the shoulder . 
 her lips are moving , but i hear nothing . 
 there are tears in her eyes and mine , too . 
 i fall forward , my head cushioned by her lap . 
 unable to blink , i can only stare ahead at a red fire hydrant on the sidewalk . 
 everything grows dim , and my breath rumbles . 
 i swear i see a shadow leaping over my body , but when i turn my head , no one is there . 
 i do n't understand . 
 there was no mugging , so why was i shot ? 
 mom was supposed to be mugged . 
 beep . 
 time 's up . 
 everything goes dark as when a curtain closes on a stage , but i do n't think it 's from time travel . 
 i think i 'm dead . 
 glistening haven series glistening haven book 1 in a scifi dystopian universe susan monroe does n't ask for much : good grades from her children , a house with room for a pool , to be the best tupperware party host in new haven 56 . 
 but inside her tranquil 1950s styled community , a monster lurks . 
 a monster that lives inside susan , and every one of her superficially perfect neighbors , held in check by the oppressive police state that rules over them . 
 susan 's happy life is torn apart when her teenage son goes missing the same night an explosion rips apart the community . 
 susan knows it 's only a matter of time before the police start breaking down their doors . 
 before the reconditioning begins and susan 's identity is lost , she must do one final thing . 
 find her son . 
 a sexy dystopian novel , the glistening haven is set in the future where society 's attempt for beauty and perfection nearly destroyed it . 
 murder , sex , duplicity and drama , join us in the world of new haven 56 . 
 chapter one may 14th , monday morning the monroe home : 15 candy cane lane susan marie was n't ready to face the world . 
 dreams lingered in her head while she lay cocooned under her thick comforter . 
 she was aware of jeff 's warm body beside her as his calloused fingers found her supple hips and rocked her backwards . 
 a playful smile curled her lips . 
 her head rolled onto his pillow and his lips kissed her neck . 
 she murmured as she tilted back so their open mouths could greet . 
 jeff tasted as salty as last night 's dinner and her heart quickened as his lips massaged hers . 
 hungrily , her teeth pulled on his skin and she felt his desire heighten against her hip . 
 his arms tightened around her small frame and his hands cupped her breasts beneath her nightgown . 
 susan 's skin tingled and a long breath expelled from her lungs . 
 jeff kissed the nape of her neck , softly laughing against her skin . 
 `` you 're awake now , i bet . '' 
 his hot breath tickled her earlobe until she could barely stand it . 
 susan moaned , turning to catch a small glimpse at her sexy husband . 
 they were no longer newlyweds but he could still make her feel like it sometimes . 
 `` in a dreamlike state , but i 'm managing so far . '' 
 outside of their cozy bedroom came the sound of heavy footsteps . 
 susan knew what was coming next and wanted to pull the covers over their heads . 
 it was the voice of their teenage daughter , marie . 
 `` mom ! 
 jake is hogging the television remote again ! '' 
 more footsteps charged after their room . 
 `` you know happy days is only on before school . 
 i did n't want to miss my favorite episode . '' 
 jake was a year older than his sister , but they were often mistaken for twins . 
 `` the both of you are going to be late for the bus , so please hightail it downstairs and eat your breakfast , the both of you , '' jeff said sternly , waiting for the whine and clumping footsteps to follow . 
 he laughed and smoothed his wife 's hair back . 
 they shared another kiss . 
 `` welcome to the real world . '' 
 `` that 's for sure , '' susan sighed . 
 `` why was it we wanted to have two ? '' 
 `` so jake would have someone to be friends with . '' 
 jeff reminded her and they both chuckled . 
 for a moment susan laid against him , her head on his shoulder . 
 he rubbed her arm and kissed her forehead . 
 with great reluctance she pulled herself out of bed and dressed for another busy day in new haven 56 . 
 susan had adjusted to life there pretty well over the last eighteen years . 
 besides , if it was n't for the new haven project , she never would have met jeff . 
 and most likely she would have ended up dead . 
 susan was a striking woman with tight skin , long brown hair and almond shaped eyes . 
 she dressed in a long blue pencil skirt and a white blouse , accenting her look with pearls and a pair of heels that matched her skirt . 
 her hair was spiraled into a french twist , and she put final coat of red lipstick against her pouty mouth . 
 an expert time manager , her look was complete in less than twenty minutes . 
 she arrived in the kitchen on schedule . 
 it was spacious and just like most of the kitchens on the block , but susan liked how it faced the morning sun . 
 she made it her own , thanks to her handmade flower decorations . 
 she bustled among the framed photos of special memories and christmas holidays while jeff dressed to open dusty 's restaurant and pub . 
 susan made the kids ' lunches , stowed them in their steel lunchboxes , and lined them up on the counter . 
 `` kids , your lunches are ready ! '' 
 she poured herself a cup of coffee and placed the cereal bowls in the dishwasher . 
 jeff was huddled over the new haven chronicle , reading the editorial section . 
 susan rubbed his shoulder while she peered at the headline . 
 `` local glistening stirs up trouble with protests . '' 
 as she read it , susan 's stomach was gripped with nerves and her coffee was no longer appealing . 
 she placed it down on the yellow laid-tile island . 
 `` he 's going to get us all in trouble . '' 
 jeff folded the newspaper and threw a glance back . 
 `` relax , babe . 
 it 's no different than it was last week and the week before . 
 we 'll keep our heads down and we 'll be fine . '' 
 he rubbed her arm and accepted the kiss she gave him . 
 `` got any big plans for today ? '' 
 `` nothing out of the ordinary . 
 i might steam the rugs . '' 
 `` they certainly could use it . 
 harvey keeps using them as his litter box . '' 
 did n't susan know it . 
 `` kids ! '' 
 she bellowed once more and this time was greeted with the rushing of feet . 
 she inspected her children as they entered the kitchen . 
 both of them appeared to be well groomed . 
 marie had long brown hair tied back with a pink scarf that matched her long hemmed poodle skirt and shoes . 
 jake was a good-looking seventeen-year-old with rosy cheeks . 
 since he was captain of new haven 's football team , he was rarely seen without his football jersey . 
 `` well , '' susan said proudly , `` do n't you two clean up nice ? '' 
 `` you 'd rarely suspect them as ours . '' 
 jeff agreed with a sip of susan 's coffee . 
 `` stop teasing us , '' marie said with a roll of her eyes . 
 `` we know jake does n't clean up well at all . '' 
 susan tried not to giggle while jake 's cheeks flushed and his nose turned up like a pig 's . 
 `` you 're going to let her talk to me like that ? '' 
 `` it was a joke . '' 
 marie folded her arms in front of her . 
 `` tell him , mom . '' 
 `` it was a joke , '' susan brushed off jake 's shoulders . 
 `` and you look handsome as ever . '' 
 her smile glowed and inside a well of pride sprung a leak . 
 jake 's expression softened . 
 `` thanks , mom . '' 
 `` now off to school . '' 
 susan headed to the counter as marie picked up her lunch , but jake stepped forward . 
 he fiddled with his jacket and his face turned down while he chewed on his lip . 
 `` mom . '' 
 there was a tremor to his voice . 
 `` we 're out of eggs and milk . 
 i was wondering when you were going to get new rations . '' 
 jeff cast him a stern look . 
 `` if there are n't eggs and milk , eat something else . 
 you think it 's easy running a house with four mouths to feed ? '' 
 marie 's nose turned up . 
 `` you always eat more than your share . 
 it 's not fair to the rest of us , you know . '' 
 `` stop it , kids . 
 no fighting . '' 
 susan sighed . 
 `` i 'm heading to the market today to pick up a few more rations , but it 'll have to hold us until the end of the week . 
 we 've almost used up all of our monthly spending points . '' 
 `` we could eat out . '' 
 jake suggested . 
 `` that takes money and you know there is n't enough to go around . 
 you like this house heated and with cable tv ? 
 you like those stylish clothes on your back ? '' 
 jeff stood and shoved his bar stool into the kitchen island . 
 the teenagers eyed it and the air in the room thickened . 
 `` he does n't mean it , daddy . 
 do you ? '' 
 marie turned toward her brother , her ponytail lashing at the back of her neck . 
 `` no . '' 
 jake said quietly . 
 his cheeks reddened . 
 `` i 'm happy to eat whatever mom can cook up . '' 
 susan patted his cheek . 
 `` good , boy . 
 better get off to school . 
 the bus will be outside any moment . '' 
 she kissed each of their cheeks and handed jake his lunch . 
 `` no trading at the lunch table again , understand ? '' 
 the front door latched and susan pivoted , placing her hands on her hips . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jeff asked , placing her drained coffee mug in the dishwasher . 
 `` he 's insensitive and selfish . '' 
 `` in other words , '' susan said , grinning , `` a teenager . '' 
 `` well , i do n't have to like it . '' 
 jeff huffed . 
 his shoulders relaxed when susan kissed his cheek . 
 `` he 'll be our boy again once he 's through this phase . 
 he 's a good kid , you know that . '' 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i guess i just remember being him , before i moved here . 
 what a dope i was to both my parents . '' 
 jeff shook his head . 
 susan rarely heard him talk about his time before new haven , and she tried to pretend such times never existed . 
 her fingers twisted together and spun her wedding ring while her shoulders inched up her ears . 
 `` speaking of your parents , we 're going to meet them this sunday for some bingo after church service . 
 i 'm making an upside down pineapple cake . '' 
 `` not more bingo . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` ca n't we just serve the cake here ? '' 
 `` i love bingo and you love me , so therefore ... '' something on the counter caught susan 's attention ; it was marie 's metal thermos . 
 eyes wide , susan snatched it and charged out the front door . 
 she sprinted down the street and over the residential hill . 
 at the corner stood a group of students . 
 the girls were dressed in proper skirts and high heels , while the boys wore pressed shirts and khaki pants . 
 `` marie ! '' 
 susan called as the bus squealed beside them in a rolling stop . 
 marie glanced up with surprise , clutching her lunchbox in one hand and her school books in another . 
 her mother offered her the thermos . 
 `` sweetheart , you forgot your liquefied organ juice ! '' 
 marie grinned and kissed her mom 's cheek . 
 `` thanks , mom ! 
 i do n't know what i 'd do without you ! '' 
 susan strolled up the concrete walkway as jeff headed to the car . 
 they shared a parting embrace . 
 `` have a good day at the restaurant , sweetheart . '' 
 `` i 'll be home for dinner tonight . '' 
 jeff kissed her chin , his fingers gliding across her cheek . 
 `` i ca n't wait . '' 
 susan 's eyes sparkled with mischief and he smacked her backside . 
 despite how red it made her cheeks , inside her soul soared . 
 after a final wave , she headed inside to start the morning 's duties . 
 susan picked the cat off the counter . 
 she sat him down on the floor and dangled a piece of yarn in front of his paws . 
 a cute fluffy black cat , he immediately took delight in the game , patting at it with his wide paw , until the phone rang and susan 's attention was distracted . 
 she removed one earring and put the phone to her ear . 
 harvey circled around her , swatting at the hem of her skirt to get her attention . 
 when that did n't work , he meowed a pitiful sound , as if being flogged by older and wiser kitties . 
 `` susan marie here . '' 
 `` susan , hello ! 
 i have news . 
 are you listening ? '' 
 `` i just said hello , did n't i ? '' 
 susan almost rolled her eyes , despite her disgust at such a childlike expression . 
 `` i just needed to make sure . 
 i have big news . '' 
 `` jonathan ? '' 
 susan asked . 
 jonathan was megan 's son and the same age as marie . 
 secretly , though not exactly discreetly , the two women had been hoping their children would court each other so they might marry , have children , and link their families together forever . 
 `` no , no , '' megan 's tone was impatient . 
 `` two blocks away from you . 
 a new family just moved in . '' 
 `` brand new ? '' 
 susan twirled the phone cord around her finger and held her breath . 
 `` brand new . 
 not from any of the new havens . 
 we can tell from their tags . 
 you must head over there and see what you can find out . 
 they 've just begun to unload their truck ! '' 
 `` i will , i will ! 
 are they nice ? 
 what are they like ? '' 
 she knew she was prattling , but was too excited to care . 
 `` oh , they seem nice . 
 husband , pretty wife , and two small children . 
 remember when we were young and used to bring our kids to the park ? 
 that young . '' 
 `` and they 've been living on the outside all this time ? '' 
 susan asked . 
 she could n't imagine living on the outside with small children , always looking over her back to make sure the new haven police had n't caught their scent . 
 how could anyone eat or sleep under those conditions ? 
 `` is n't it delish ? 
 you have to find out more . 
 see what it 's been like for them . 
 we have got to know . 
 lawrence stark will kill for this kind of information , especially one so close to you , dear . '' 
 `` megan , '' susan hissed , holding the receiver close to her mouth . 
 she spun as if to hide her conversation from an unseen watcher . 
 `` do n't tell me that you 've been talking to lawrence stark ? '' 
 `` well ... '' `` do not well me , young lady ! 
 you know very well that all those uprisings are his fault . 
 i saw talk of his protests today in the paper . 
 you 're going to get yourself in hot water if you keep this up . 
 promise me you 'll keep your distance . '' 
 megan sighed , `` susan -- . '' 
 `` promise me , '' she insisted with a stomp of her foot . 
 `` fine , fine , i promise , but only after you go and greet the family . 
 we can meet at pete 's soda jerk this afternoon . '' 
 susan glanced at her watch . 
 `` what time ? 
 remember , i have to have dinner on the table by six . '' 
 `` three p.m. let 's synchronize our watches . '' 
 **** susan baked half a dozen blueberry and coffee cake muffins . 
 each one was topped with crusted sugar and cinnamon crumble . 
 wafts from the oven carried the sweet smell through the house and despite her diet plans , she found herself munching on crumbs . 
 she crafted a perfect welcome basket that sat on a blue and white plaid napkin with muffins . 
 inside she tucked a few pamphlets she made up years ago that explained the rationing system and a hand drawn map of new haven 56 . 
 in the back she tucked the drive-in schedule of movies for the month and a coupon book to her husband 's restaurant . 
 she wrapped the handle in a blue bow and set off in her sedan . 
 while megan had n't given her address , it was n't hard to find . 
 other residents loitering a few blocks away ; the crowd was huddled together and talked out of their corner of their mouths , buzzing with excitement . 
 the house was a two story white house , but from the size of it susan could tell it was probably quaint inside . 
 in the small driveway was a van and three movers dressed in brown uniforms bustled with card board boxes ; all of the contents part of the starting package provided by new haven 56 . 
 susan parked alongside the curb and after a check on her hair was out with basket in hand . 
 the lawn was still long , but she knew of a wonderful landscape service that could help , and there were dead stems in a pot that once had been beautiful flowers . 
 this place had a lot of work to be done . 
 susan wondered for a moment whom lived here before and then she remembered . 
 she shuddered . 
 with a deep breath she rang the doorbell and waited with a smile for it to be answered . 
 a woman answered , dressed in a simple checkered dress . 
 her eyes were a pale blue and hidden behind a pair of horn rimmed glasses . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she whispered and susan could see her eyes were glassy , her cheeks were still flushed , and there was a slight quiver in her hands . 
 she offered her new neighbor a grand smile . 
 `` susan monroe and i 've come to welcome you to the neighborhood . 
 i hope you like muffins . '' 
 susan held the basket out . 
 `` diane . '' 
 her eyes studied the basket . 
 `` that 's ... very kind of you . '' 
 diane took the basket , studying the content . 
 susan clasped her hands in front of her . 
 `` well , i know how stressful a move to a new city can be on you and especially the children . 
 you 'll have to make sure they 're okay with the process , wo n't you ? '' 
 diane nodded , tears glistening in her eyes . 
 `` new job ? 
 is that why you moved here ? '' 
 susan 's voice edged her on . 
 startled , diane blinked her eyes . 
 `` moved here ? 
 moved here ? 
 do n't you know ? 
 do n't you know what this place is ? '' 
 susan 's smile stretched like an elastic band and her heartbeat quickened . 
 `` of course i do . 
 it 's a great community . 
 we have friends , families , jobs . 
 every weekend there 's a sock hop downtown . 
 our children can grow , thrive . 
 so now you go on and tell me , why did you move here ? '' 
 diane swallowed , glancing down . 
 `` so my children could grow up safe . '' 
 susan squeezed the woman 's wrist . 
 she wore the same bracelet that susan wore , that they all wore . 
 `` why do n't you invite me inside and i can start to show you the ropes , okay ? 
 i 'll explain a few things to you . 
 trust me , there 's a lot of misinformation out there . '' 
 `` i could put on some water for tea . '' 
 diane said and pattered inside , leaving susan to step in and close the door behind her . 
 susan adjusted her skirt and heard the sound of playing coming from the living room . 
 peeking her head around the corner , she saw the sofa and furnishings were already in place with cardboard boxes stacked against the wall . 
 the two children played on the beige rug were boys and probably only ages four and five . 
 cute children , susan thought . 
 each of them had thick blond hair with bracelets on their wrists and around their necks susan saw red marks . 
 she gulped down a quick breath of air . 
 how horrid the process was , just horrid . 
 susan clicked down the hall and found the kitchen . 
 diane sat at the table beside a window that overlooked a small cramped yard . 
 if it was big enough for a barbecue grill , susan would have been surprised . 
 the husband and wife were quiet , holding each other 's hands , while their eyes were somewhere else . 
 susan knew what it was like ; she knew exactly what they were going through . 
 she sat down beside them and outreached her hand on top of theirs . 
 `` it 'll be all right . '' 
 susan said softly . 
 `` you 'll get through this fine . 
 in a few weeks , you 'll begin to feel better , fit in . '' 
 the husband glanced at susan for the first time . 
 his eyes were a deep brown and held so much sadness , she felt it . 
 `` we were living in ohio . 
 the kids just started school . 
 we were n't hurting anyone . '' 
 susan knew . 
 she understood . 
 `` this is the way things are . 
 it can be a good life if you accept it . '' 
 `` and if you do n't ? '' 
 he asked quietly , angrily . 
 `` you 'll go away . '' 
 she admitted . 
 `` and those children , those beautiful children will grow up without a father . 
 if they grow up at all . '' 
 he squeezed his eyes shut , his eyes trained on the wood table . 
 `` will the tea be ready soon ? '' 
 diane nodded . 
 `` it should be in a minute . '' 
 `` good , '' susan patted her knee with a big smile , `` we 'll sit over muffins and you can tell me about the new jobs you 've gotten . 
 and i 'll tell you all about my big tupperware party next week . 
 would n't it be nice to get out and meet some of your neighbors ? '' 
 susan sat outside at jack 's soda jerk with two malt shakes . 
 it was nearly three in the afternoon . 
 her friend was nothing but punctual so susan expected her to show up in a moment 's time . 
 as she waited , she primped her hair and took a sip of her beverage . 
 slowly , she drank it as the monthly money jeff gave her to spend on frivolous things , was nearly depleted . 
 at least in a few days it would be a new month and she could splurge again . 
 susan thought a nice tube of lipstick might be nice or maybe new pantyhose . 
 the air was soft on her skin and the sun was shining brightly . 
 many people were out that day and susan smiled at a few she knew . 
 across the street at the park a few boys flew kites and some older boys , busied with hula hoops . 
 susan remembered being young and when she could spin her hips like that . 
 she loved life , all stages of it , and new haven 56 was a great place to life . 
 maybe how she got there was n't so great , but after so many years , susan was grateful for the chance to be normal , to get married , and have wonderful children . 
 glancing up past her table 's umbrella susan could see the two blues of the day 's sky . 
 one was a natural soft blue with gentle clouds drifting past . 
 below that a darker , ominous blue dome pulsated in static intervals keeping new haven safe in its bubble . 
 even when susan could manage to forget what she was that damn bubble always reminded her . 
 she sighed at the thought and heard footsteps approaching . 
 they were the quick steps of someone in woman 's pumps . 
 megan was a tall and scrawny woman with long red hair . 
 today it was pushed back with a white headband and her makeup choices were a dramatic choice for doing errands . 
 she slid into her seat , the iron chair grating against the sidewalk . 
 `` so , so , tell me everything ! '' 
 megan sipped her drink . 
 `` it 's good to see you too , sweetheart . '' 
 susan smirked . 
 megan sighed . 
 `` all right , all right , hello , hello . 
 now tell me . '' 
 she waved her fingers in the air as if the push off a mysterious uninvited guest . 
 `` you promise you 're not going to tell lawrence stark ? '' 
 `` i ... give you my word . '' 
 megan held up her hand . 
 `` girl scouts honor , darling . '' 
 `` and i can trust you this time ? '' 
 susan pursed her lips and her fingernails twitted against the glass counter top . 
 `` what is this time nonsense ? 
 when have i ever led you astray ? '' 
 `` how about that pta meeting last year ? 
 you told me everyone was going to be critiquing mr. banks . '' 
 or megan put a hand to her mouth and giggled . 
 `` well , you were spot on with everything you said . '' 
 susan went ` hmpf ' and crossed her arms . 
 she feigned being angry by pushing her lips together , but her eyes sparkled with mischief . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 megan patted her hand . 
 `` just tell me , what are they like ? '' 
 `` sad and afraid . '' 
 susan 's face darkened as she thought about the franklins and their small children . 
 `` he is going to work in the grocery market and she is going to be working mother 's hours at the templeton pharmacy . '' 
 `` most do start out there . '' 
 megan rolled the straw through her fingers absently . 
 `` and they were ... nice ? '' 
 susan nodded . 
 `` i invited them to my party next week . '' 
 megan grinned . 
 `` wonderful ! 
 i love new people to interrogate , i mean , be friends with . '' 
 `` their children are small and i do n't think they are old enough to know the significance of this place , at least not yet . 
 but they were well behaved . 
 they said please and thank you when i gave them a muffin . '' 
 `` oh , that 's nice . 
 so many children are not brought up properly these days at all , are they ? '' 
 `` certainly not . 
 it used to be the norm , when our two were small . '' 
 susan sighed . 
 `` anyway , you were right . 
 they were trapped by the three and brought here . 
 the children have the marks on them . '' 
 megan sighed . 
 `` oh , poor things . 
 poor poor things . '' 
 susan cleared her throat . 
 `` and they brought news of the outside , but you must promise , promise not to tell ! '' 
 megan nodded several times , her eyes going wide with curiosity . 
 `` i do , i do . 
 i wo n't even tell my george ! '' 
 `` your dog does n't exactly have loose lips , megan . '' 
 `` no , but i do tell him most everything and who knows what he barks to the neighbors . '' 
 susan giggled . 
 `` they were living in ohio in a small suburb of cincinnati . '' 
 `` like that wkrp show ? 
 oh , nice ! 
 what was it like ? 
 were all the buildings destroyed ? 
 are they living in ruins ? '' 
 susan 's eyes darkened . 
 `` no , '' she said quietly . 
 `` life is good . 
 i guess economically things are tough . 
 more people live in apartment buildings than homes . '' 
 megan scrunched up her nose . 
 `` apartment buildings ? '' 
 susan nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 can you imagine it ? '' 
 `` but they had freedom . '' 
 megan pushed on with resolve in her voice . 
 she pointed her finger at susan . 
 `` they could go anywhere they wanted . '' 
 she leaned in and whispered , her eyes checking for anyone who might overhear . 
 `` looking over their shoulder , pretending to be something they 're not the entire time . 
 that 's no way to live . '' 
 `` and that 's not what we 're doing ? '' 
 megan posture suddenly straightened like she had grown several inches and became rigid . 
 `` where is this coming from ? 
 we live happy content lives . '' 
 `` in a bubble . '' 
 defiance shone through her face . 
 `` i like our bubble . 
 new haven is the perfect place to live and raise a family . '' 
 susan 's face flushed . 
 her fingers fumbled with the clasp of her purse and searched its content for a compact mirror . 
 `` look at you , marie . 
 you ca n't even talk about it without getting upset . '' 
 susan was flustered and the words left her mouth with a hefty dose of spit . 
 `` well , you 're the one who brought it up . 
 it 's not like , not like you agree with lawrence sparks is it ? 
 tell me you have n't joined his cause . '' 
 `` it 's not just his cause , '' megan whispered , leaning across the table . 
 `` it 's the cause of all of us . 
 most people just refuse to believe we 're anything but human . '' 
 susan squeaked and dropped her mirror , a hand covered her mouth . 
 `` i am too . 
 i am too ! 
 i bake , i clean , i -- i take care of the children . 
 what 's more normal than that ? '' 
 megan 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` and what 's wrong with being something more ? 
 maybe they 're the ones that should be sequestered and we should be running the show ! '' 
 megan 's voice reached a shrill squeak and other people were beginning to take notice . 
 they were staring at their table and susan was painfully aware that the other tables were no longer talking , that across the street children had stopped playing with their toys . 
 the spotlight was very much on them and susan was fraught with nerves . 
 she tried to force a laugh , sipping her float but she could n't swallow , it would n't go down . 
 `` you 're creating a spectacle of us . 
 i think you better just tone it down . '' 
 `` tone it down ? 
 is n't that what we 've been doing for thirty years ? 
 you had it good . 
 your parents were brought here with you , but mine were killed upon capture and for what ? 
 because they did n't want to be imprisoned here , in this perfect community ? 
 and what happened to those officers that did it ? 
 nothing . 
 all they had to do i bet was file a report ! '' 
 susan opened her mouth to speak , but was frozen in silence as three armed police officers surrounded their table . 
 she had n't seen them coming , had barely heard any footsteps at all , but each of them held an electric cattle prod in their hand . 
 from the blue zapping tip , it was obvious they were charged . 
 their uniforms were black and on their head they wore hats with visors . 
 they looked so normal , so mainstream , but susan knew different . 
 horrified , she wanted to plead for her innocence , she had n't done anything wrong , please just let her go home to be with her family . 
 but , their cold calculated eyes were n't on her . 
 they were on megan . 
 one of them grabbed her roughly by the arm . 
 `` you 'll need to come with us , ms. myers . '' 
 how was it they just knew her name ? 
 susan wondered and realized they probably could read it off their tracking bracelets . 
 `` i have n't done anything wrong . '' 
 megan insisted , tugging on her arm , but the large man with the scary dead eyes only strengthened his grip . 
 `` ow , '' she whined , `` you 're hurting me . 
 stop it . '' 
 `` has she been upsetting you mrs. monroe ? '' 
 one of the other officers asked her softly . 
 `` you look a bit pale , even for one of you . '' 
 susan shook her head , but unable to speak as tears formed in the corner of her eyes . 
 she wanted to say something , but her heart was pounding so fast she felt almost faint . 
 after a moment she cleared her throat . 
 `` we were just having floats and ... you know how woman get at their time of the month . '' 
 megan 's eyes narrowed . 
 in a sharp quick breath she spoke , `` susan ! '' 
 susan gulped back her fear , her betrayal and glanced down at her feet . 
 `` we 'll take care of her . '' 
 the officer forced megan to her feet and her chair tumbled backwards . 
 everyone watched as he grabbed both of her arms and forced them behind her back . 
 megan struggled as three officers tightened a circle around her . 
 `` let me go ! 
 what happened to the rights of american citizens ! 
 i have freedom of speech ! '' 
 `` you have no rights , you damn glistening . '' 
 the officer reached for the handle of his electric rod . 
 susan whipped her head toward the window of the sofa jerk , but could hear her friends scream . 
 to keep her from sobbing , she bit her lip . 
 the reflection in the glass plaid out the scene ; megan was electrocuted in the back and her skin morphed from human peach to a glowing blue . 
 large wings flapped beneath her clothes . 
 the charge of the weapon flowed through her limbs , lighting up her inhuman skeleton . 
 back arched and fingers splayed , her flailing body assaulted the ground below . 
 megan 's form changed and she laid on the pavement with a stoned look on her face . 
 her expression was still and her eyes sunken with fatigue . 
 it took two officers to force her to walk toward the paddy wagon and another to shove her into the back . 
 susan could n't do anything . 
 she was too afraid to speak , move , or even think how much she would miss her friend . 
 around her , everyone went back to what they were doing ; like a movie interrupted it now resumed its regular programming . 
 barely an eye blinked out of place , but for susan it was n't so easy . 
 she steeled her thoughts , even as her fingers trembled so bad her purse fell to the ground . 
 she wondered if the police could know where they were at all times what was to keep them from reading their minds too ? 
 glistening rebellion book 2 in the glistening haven series in glistening haven , jenna morgan fought to uncover a government conspiracy . 
 in glistening rebellion , she fights for her life . 
 new haven 57 is opening for business -- bigger landscape , nicer homes , and tougher reconditioning techniques that will make resistant glistenings docile . 
 a caravan of glistenings from overcrowded concentration camps are enroot to their new home . 
 for jenna morgan it 's the final job before she retires forever to a happy low key life . 
 when the escape glistenings from new haven 56 attack , a simple transportation job turns into life or death . 
 jenna does the unspeakable and is pulled back into a fight she wants no part of . 
 with an assassin on her tail , her loyalties are questioned . 
 she will need to decide once and for all , which side she 's on as she teeters on the brink of full out war . 
 chapter one nuefeld family wheat farm rural saskatchewan territory of the canadian state winter was approaching . 
 jake spooned the last bit of roast turkey and gravy into his mouth . 
 then he picked up his napkin . 
 `` thank you again , ms. nuefeld , for the great supper . '' 
 it was a cramped farmhouse kitchen with plaques and wooden spoons lining the walls . 
 the small round table was covered in food worthy of a feast . 
 sage hung in the air while the oven brought over wafts of cinnamon and nutmeg . 
 there was a time when jake had eaten with the nuefelds every night , but now it was a rare treat . 
 they were nice people and jake liked them , even if he should keep his distance . 
 nice people often ended up hurt when they befriended him , but he was more careful now . 
 jackie nuefeld gathered up some plates to bring to the counter . 
 `` we should be thanking you . 
 you drive a combine like it 's second nature . 
 with george suddenly missing , there was no one around to help . 
 thank you for stepping in , nick . '' 
 jake hid a scowl behind his napkin . 
 he 'd never get used to being someone else , even if it was for the best . 
 from behind the napkin he could see liz 's eyes on him . 
 she was close to his age and unassuming with a splattering of freckles across her nose . 
 her hair was a soft auburn that sometimes jake thought about touching . 
 he could imagine how soft her locks would be through his fingers . 
 her face often danced with a gentle smile when their eyes locked , but he had to pretend not to notice . 
 all through dinner she looked at him , but rarely said a word . 
 it was a good thing , because sometimes when she did speak , her voice made his heart skip a beat . 
 mark , a middle aged man who appeared more weathered than his age , ran his tongue over his teeth and huffed . 
 `` missing ? 
 you make it sound like the nh had nothing to do with it . '' 
 a shiver ran down jake 's spine . 
 up here he was just another farmer trying to make his way and avoiding the mandatory army enlistment . 
 farmers were pardoned because of how desperate the us was for food . 
 but that did n't mean they were free . 
 far from it . 
 `` we have no proof . '' 
 jackie said but she was monotone . 
 listless . 
 she balanced a few dishes in her hand . 
 `` proof is something you do n't bring to the nh even if you have it . 
 we 'll make due . 
 like we always do . 
 and pay our taxes . 
 god willing , let 's hope we 'll make it through another winter . '' 
 his face was lined with worry and jake felt for him . 
 he was a glistening . 
 maybe he had n't been there when the glistening swarms ascended on the country and ravaged it like a plague of locusts . 
 but he was a glistening . 
 it was his blood , his legacy . 
 and something he had n't been taught in new haven 56 . 
 now that he knew ... `` we have food , papa . '' 
 liz said . 
 mark crumbled up his napkin . 
 `` for now . 
 if the frost comes early ... '' the worry lines on his face increased and so did jake 's guilt . 
 `` you 'll make it through just fine . '' 
 jake nodded his head at the family . 
 `` and if you come up short , give me a call . 
 i 'll make sure we all get through . '' 
 jackie glanced at her daughter who was close to jake 's age . 
 `` no sense worrying on the future . 
 help with the dishes , wo n't you , liz ? '' 
 the girl snapped her head toward her mother . 
 `` sure ... mom . '' 
 her smile was distracted and a slow blush spread across her cheeks . 
 mark clasped his shoulder . 
 `` since we 've met nick he 's always been good to us , eh ? '' 
 `` he 's good people . '' 
 jackie agreed with a twinkle in her eye . 
 `` stay for some apple pie ? 
 i would hate to see it go to waste . '' 
 mark chortled . 
 `` hon , it wo n't be going to waste under my watch ! '' 
 jake nodded his thanks . 
 `` i would love to , but maybe some other time . 
 i really need to get back to the farm . 
 it 'll be dark soon and i need to check on a few things . 
 next time i promise to help with the dishes , mrs. nuefeld . '' 
 `` come now , '' liz said as she gathered up his dishes , `` you know ma never takes no for an answer . '' 
 the older woman laughed . 
 `` oh heavens ! 
 what we ever did to get blessed with such a fine friend i 'll never know . '' 
 jake smiled his thanks as pie was placed on the table . 
 he did n't want to overstay his welcome , but he did n't want to be rude either . 
 picking up his fork , he watched mark cut his slice in half . 
 `` these could be our last fresh pies of the season . '' 
 mark said . 
 `` with winter coming , who knows how much fresh fruit we can keep for ourselves from the food storage . '' 
 jackie huffed as she finished clearing the table . 
 liz put a few mugs down along with the creamer . 
 `` well , '' jackie said , `` if the us government has their way , we 'll starve while their states live off our surpluses . '' 
 `` but they 're good to us , are n't they ? '' 
 liz asked . 
 `` i mean they pay us . '' 
 mark snorted with a mouth full of pie . 
 `` well , not enough . 
 and the taxes ... the taxes we are forced to pay on our own crops so they can take it and sell it back to us ? 
 it 's outrageous . 
 outrageous ! 
 every year the nh squeezes us for more food , more money . '' 
 `` but , '' liz 's face was twisted with confusion , `` they are the ones that keep us from the glistenings . 
 someone has to help pay to keep them in those bubbles . '' 
 jake swallowed and pretended he was n't uncomfortable , like a hairy bug climbing up his leg . 
 `` and we get what for paying all our taxes ? '' 
 mark asked . 
 `` we do n't even get a police force . 
 hell , if it was n't for volunteers we 'd have no private services at all . '' 
 jackie smirked as she stirred cream into her coffee . 
 `` yes , with all that crime we have . '' 
 `` that ai n't the point , jackie , and you know it . '' 
 mark sighed . 
 `` maybe i 'm just a grumpy old man . 
 what do you think , nick ? '' 
 his eyes widened and he coughed into his fist . 
 `` well , maybe , mr. nuefeld , but it 's not wrong to want more than what we 're getting . '' 
 truer words had never been spoken . 
 mark nodded in agreement . 
 `` and those new guys they have working at the grain elevators ? 
 slimy . 
 i do n't trust them . 
 but since when can we trust the nh ? 
 they do what they want and oversee everything . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` with everything to worry about , i 'm lucky to get a wink of sleep a night . '' 
 jake 's face crumbled . 
 the nuefields were good people and he hated to see them so distraught , facing such hardship . 
 `` i 'm sure one day it 'll get sorted out better . 
 once there 's more food to go around for everyone . 
 i 'm sure everyone appreciates the service saskatchewan provides . '' 
 `` that 's why i like you . 
 you 're always optimistic and see the best in people . '' 
 liz 's eyes flashed a warm look with kindness and understanding . 
 jake basked in it and realized what he was doing . 
 he stood up . 
 `` i really need to be going . 
 thanks again , for everything . '' 
 he shook hands with mark and nodded farewells to jackie . 
 liz stood up and rushed after him . 
 `` mind if i walk you out , nick ? '' 
 jake never minded and that was part of the problem . 
 `` i 'd be honored . '' 
 she smiled and bit her lip , looking so sweet and innocent . 
 jake knew he had to keep his distance , but when he was with her , his heart soared in a way it had n't since he lost wendy . 
 he tried not to think about her most days , but when liz hooked her arm through his on the porch , jake could n't help himself . 
 the way wendy smiled at him those first days in school before he even realized what being in love meant . 
 how soft her lips were the first time he kissed her . 
 and how much pain she was in the night they fled for their lives . 
 the night their son would come into the world . 
 and wendy would lose hers . 
 he never said good-bye . 
 wendy did n't get to live the life she was meant to . 
 because of him . 
 so much death and destruction , and all because of him . 
 because he could n't keep his hands to himself . 
 liz walked him down the porch to his green pickup truck . 
 jake came by it used and it had seen better days , but it was reliable . 
 it was tough enough to go back and forth on the old gravel roads home to his farm . 
 `` the sunset is beautiful , is n't it ? '' 
 her words rang true . 
 only half the sun was peeking over the horizon and its orange blaze created streaks almost like those left by an orange crayon against the night 's purple hued sky . 
 `` gorgeous is more like it . '' 
 like the ones he shared with wendy at the old cabin before they ran , before she became so pregnant all he did was worry about her . 
 he was a damn glistening and his son was just like him . 
 but jake would make sure no one would ever harm the baby . 
 he did n't care what it meant for him , anyone , but wendy 's death would n't be in vain . 
 his son was n't just some damn test tube . 
 so maybe he was n't the one singing it to sleep . 
 maybe he would never be dad . 
 but if his dad , jeff monroe , taught him anything it was that you would move heaven and earth for family . 
 no sacrifice was too great . 
 jake did n't know much about jenna morgan . 
 but he knew she was loyal to wendy 's family and that meant she would die to protect travis and his secret . 
 jake did n't care if she was new haven once . 
 all that mattered was that she loved his boy . 
 and she did . 
 time after time , jake saw it in her eyes , even if they never spoke . 
 even if jenna never knew he was there . 
 `` you 're awfully quiet tonight . 
 you okay , nick ? '' 
 liz asked and rested her hand on his arm . 
 it tingled to be touched by her and that was bad . 
 bad indeed . 
 jake forced a smile . 
 `` of course i 'm fine , liz . 
 just tired . 
 long day . 
 but you 're right , the sunset is beautiful . '' 
 it was n't the only thing . 
 the way the sunlight caught liz 's gentle wavy hair , it brought out the amber highlights . 
 when she tucked it behind her ears , jake could make out her strong , sexy jaw . 
 liz might have worn a lot of long , loose dresses , but she was beautiful . 
 maybe if he was n't a glistening he could be happy with her . 
 maybe he could even keep her safe , but it was n't right . 
 wendy had been dead barely a year . 
 jake was n't ready to let her memory go . 
 `` some of us are going to meet in town tomorrow . 
 catch an old movie . 
 thought it might be fun . 
 thought you might want to come ? '' 
 liz tugged on her finger and her eyes were filled with hope . 
 he suppressed a sigh . 
 to liz , to everyone , he was nothing but a recently graduated high school kid . 
 so how could he tell them he had way more important things to worry about than hanging out and watching movies ? 
 a year ago he would have wanted nothing more , but now ... some days jake wished nothing had changed and he was still inside new haven 56 , where things were safe . 
 but that was just the thing . 
 nothing in there was safe . 
 at least on the outside they had no illusions . 
 had nothing to hide behind . 
 `` i 'll see . 
 might have to help my dad . '' 
 he gave her a killer smile . 
 `` but thanks for thinking of me . '' 
 `` all right . 
 well , text me when you know . 
 bye , nick . '' 
 liz took a step forward and gazed into his eyes . 
 it was a beautiful face , but jake could n't give in . 
 he had nothing to offer and she had a world in front of her that he could n't touch . 
 `` thanks for walking me out . '' 
 he touched the rim of his hat in a parting good-bye . 
 her mouth opened in disappointment and her eyes glinted . 
 he pretended not to notice . 
 the gravel crunched and the hairs on the back of jake 's neck stood up ; they were n't alone . 
 gazing out into the darkness , jake 's glistening vision allowed him to see one of the farm hands walking by with an old gardening hoe in his hand . 
 his name was charlie and when he was around , the air turned cooler . 
 with great suspicion , charlie 's eyes swept through jake . 
 but he was too far away to actually make eye contact with jake . 
 so why did he always feel the need to protect liz when he was around ? 
 liz followed his gaze , her lips twisting to the side . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' jake 's words were flat and he barely believed them himself . 
 `` just thought i heard something . 
 go inside , okay ? 
 where it 's safe . '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure it 's safe out here . 
 who would come out this far ? '' 
 jake gave her a small smile . 
 `` you 're probably right . 
 good evening , liz . '' 
 `` bye , nick . '' 
 her words trailed off and expectations hung between them . 
 expectations that jake could n't meet . 
 when he slid into the car , liz walked back up the steps , giving the truck enough room to do a one-eighty . 
 dust kicked up and when he hit the road , pebbles popped up , clinking against the underside of the truck 's carriage . 
 it would take forty minutes to drive back to his farm . 
 in his glistening form he could fly it in ten . 
 but you could n't go all dragon when you were wanted dead or alive . 
 for now he would have to settle for the truck . 
 speed limitations aside , being a human was n't half bad . 
 most of the time . 
 the dream slayer series the dream slayer : book 1 ya paranormal adventure : a homage to buffy the vampire slayer when your dreams come true , sometimes you get more than you bargained for ... in the young adult teen series dream slayer , natalie johnson has always dreamed she 's someone else ; calm , beautiful , in control . 
 a chosen warrior with a maniacal arch nemesis and a dreamy boyfriend , the type that can make your knees melt and your heart quiver . 
 real life is much different . 
 she 's tormented by a bully and endures the sharp tongue of her father , but finds solace in her dreams . 
 when her bully ends up dead , de ja vu from a dream hits her hard as everything around her begins to fall apart . 
 whatever killed sarah in her dreams is now in reality , hunting her from the shadows . 
 and it wants her dead . 
 somehow as the lines between reality and nightmare blur , natalie must discover hidden strength to pull her friends and family back from the brink of madness . 
 chapter one her foot pumped the brake pedal , but still the bus would not be slowed . 
 it would not be stopped . 
 they were on a crash course with death and destruction . 
 natalie 's least favorite d words . 
 the tires were long blown out on the yellow school bus . 
 its rims mulched a groove into the pavement and vibrated against the brake pads . 
 out of control , it veered left and accelerated until it rode up on its right-side wheels , the left wheels leaving the ground . 
 the bus driver was slumped on the floor , and in his place behind the steering wheel , natalie gritted her teeth . 
 the teenage girl shouted , `` hang on ! '' 
 her knuckles gripped the steering wheel , turning the speeding bus wildly to the right . 
 her classmates screamed and jostled in their seats . 
 apparently , they did n't appreciate her high-speed tour through the mountains of meadow 's creek . 
 why do n't these buses have seat belts anyway ? 
 natalie wondered to herself . 
 there was no time to consider the answer . 
 just as she rounded the corner , a pedestrian stepped out into the middle of the street . 
 natalie swerved to avoid hitting him and narrowly missed the oncoming traffic . 
 `` this is the type of stress that causes wrinkles , '' she muttered . 
 her pulse raced and the palms of her hands were sweaty . 
 the bus jolted as it clipped the sidewalk , nearly ramming into a wooden bench . 
 when she 'd left her house with caf mocha in hand that morning , the last thing on natalie 's mind was being cast in the `` speed '' reboot . 
 she let out a slow breath , beads of sweat clinging to her forehead , and kicked her boot to the brake . 
 except for a lot of squealing , nothing happened ; the bus continued at top speed -- right toward the high school . 
 natalie could use a day off from homeroom and bad cafeteria food , but not like this . 
 she glanced down at the unconscious bus driver . 
 `` i really wish you were doing this . '' 
 with a rushed breath , natalie throttled into neutral and applied the emergency brake . 
 metal squealed against metal , and the steering wheel vibrated in her hands . 
 the vibration traveled up her arms and down her spine like she was at the loudest rock concert in history . 
 when she cranked to the left , the gears gave a high-pitched whine and smoke began to waft through the heat vents . 
 the metal fought against her with everything it had , and natalie just prayed she 'd be strong enough . 
 the metal grinding itself into mulch was loud , but the students ' screams were louder . 
 fearing for their lives , their voices reached a new fevered pitch of wails and sobs . 
 the bus spun , spiraling toward meadow creek high . 
 natalie had spent half her high school career training for situations like these , but her stomach still churned , spinning out of control with vertigo . 
 she could barely make sense of her surroundings but heard the bristle of tree branches and felt their twigs scrapping against her cheek . 
 she swatted at them and held her arms up defensively as the bus lurched forward . 
 the front bumper caught on a fire hydrant and yanked the bus to an abrupt halt just inches from the school wall . 
 the bus rocked onto two wheels before slamming down onto its final resting place , moaning like a dying t-rex . 
 the school was close enough to touch . 
 outside smelled like freshly cut lawn , but it was just the bus using its rims to till the earth . 
 natalie johnson 's landscaping bus , at your service . 
 she lowered her shaking arms from her face and took a deep breath , removing the keys from the ignition for some reason . 
 her eyes trained on the fire hydrant . 
 everyone knew you were n't supposed to park next to one of those , especially in a loading zone . 
 i sure hope i 'm not getting a ticket for this . 
 as if my day is n't going bad enough . 
 `` everybody okay ? '' 
 natalie 's voice was unsteady . 
 the question sounded false to her ; of course no one was okay . 
 her classmates since elementary school remained seated . 
 some were green , others held their hands to their faces like they might puke , while a few clung to each other in terror . 
 marcy , a girl from homeroom , sobbed into her bundle of magazines repeating , `` i 'm not ready to die . '' 
 natalie stood on jelly legs and faced the group . 
 `` everyone , we 'll be okay -- '' thump . 
 thump . 
 she was interrupted by a noise from above . 
 she gazed up and saw the roof vibrate from the weight of something heavy above her head . 
 he was still on the roof . 
 natalie charged off the bus before she even realized she was moving . 
 her strides were unsteady , like a toddler taking its first steps , but by the time her feet met the grass , she was sprinting after a man wearing a fedora . 
 `` arrivederci , my darling slayer ! '' 
 `` morach ! '' 
 natalie charged across the open field . 
 her lungs expanded , filling with much-needed air , and gave her the boost she needed to charge behind the school in search of the maniacal fiend . 
 they said all heroes needed an arch nemesis , and he was hers . 
 she had n't asked to be the chosen one ; sometimes it made life difficult , but never boring . 
 morach the great was in her sights now . 
 he disappeared behind some trees , and natalie charged ahead , the low branches scratched at her cheek . 
 her hands swept them away while hidden inside the bush , a low growl warned her off . 
 natalie backed up with caution , her hand reaching into the lining of her fashionable jacket , searching for her weapon . 
 the demon flew out from behind the trees in a menacing airborne attack that was sure to draw attention . 
 it was n't morach , but one of his many pets , released to slow her down so he could make his escape . 
 natalie dodged left and kicked the beast in the stomach just as it was about to land on her . 
 it fell onto its back inside the leafy evergreens . 
 `` usually , i 'd show off my witty prowess to you , but since it 's almost class time , i 'm gon na kill you and get it over with . 
 and contrary to popular belief , pointy sticks can kill just about anything -- not just vampires . '' 
 she lunged , piercing through the beast 's shirt and flesh with her wooden stake . 
 it slid in like a knife into warm butter . 
 with a final push and a guttural grunt , natalie snapped the demon 's sternum . 
 she yanked the stake free , its tip dripping with black liquid , and backed away to avoid the spray of blood . 
 the fact that demons liquefied when you killed them made cleanup easier , but if you got their blood in your cashmere , it was never coming out . 
 plus , the stench left natalie wishing she could n't smell at all . 
 the demon howled , grabbing at its wound . 
 its feet liquefied into a puddle , but it did n't stop there . 
 the effect rippled up its body until it was nothing but a pile of mucus jelly . 
 it gave a giant squirt into the air before settling into the grass . 
 footsteps came from behind . 
 natalie pivoted and greeted who she expected , mark glovin , with a bunch of books in the crook of his arm . 
 he was n't just her mentor and trainer ; he was also her social studies teacher . 
 `` hey there , kid . 
 i did n't realize you had a bus pass . '' 
 he ripped off a pink slip and handed it to her as they walked toward the school . 
 `` detention ? 
 seriously ? 
 this is some sort of joke , right ? 
 you know what i just did . '' 
 `` bah ! '' 
 mark licked his lips in that way he did before he listed all her mistakes . 
 natalie hated his lists . 
 `` let 's see . '' 
 he pointed straight ahead . 
 `` destroyed a lawn , a windshield , and those kids are going to need therapy until they 're grey and senile . 
 if they live that long . 
 with your generation , it 's certainly not guaranteed . '' 
 a scream from a teen being helped off the bus diverted her gaze . 
 `` i am walking to school from now on . 
 i am walking ! '' 
 natalie cringed . 
 `` all in a day 's work , right ? '' 
 mark laughed and natalie knew she was off the hook . 
 `` you going to tell me what happened ? '' 
 `` only if you make a formal request in writing . '' 
 mark rolled his eyes . 
 `` not that again . '' 
 `` i saw the bus while making a sweep of the city . 
 it was going mega fast . '' 
 `` mega ? '' 
 mark snorted . 
 `` i 'm glad i 'm not your english teacher . '' 
 `` anyway , turns out guess who hijacked it ? 
 so i made a front door through the windshield . 
 seemed like a good idea at the time . 
 i do have a driver 's permit . 
 and in my defense , fire hydrants make great buffers . '' 
 mark picked a piece of glass out of her hair while he gave a deep laugh . 
 `` and damien ? 
 what happened to him ? '' 
 natalie 's blue eyes fogged over . 
 `` do n't know . 
 what else is new , right ? '' 
 damien was her sometimes-kinda-would-be-boyfriend . 
 `` if he owned a car , it would make chasing vampires easier . 
 i think someone needs to clue damien in that it 's no longer 1912 . '' 
 `` he 's just worried about his carbon footprint , '' mark stated . 
 `` and i 'm worried my academic life is going to cut into my social life , but i still go to school . '' 
 `` why do you think morach wanted a bus full of kids ? '' 
 she stepped back , sizing mark up . 
 `` what 's with the non-linear line of questioning today ? '' 
 `` what do you expect when danger strikes before i 've had my first pot of coffee ? '' 
 `` sorry , next time i 'll tell morach to reschedule . 
 whatever he wants , we can be sure it wo n't involve bunnies or kittens . 
 well , except that one time when it did . 
 i 'm still having nightmares . '' 
 natalie shuddered at the thought . 
 `` he said he was taking us for a ride , '' put in josh duncan , a freshman natalie recognized from the bus . 
 she knew he was a freshman by using her super deductive reasoning skills -- he had a backpack . 
 she remembered when she still used a backpack ; that was before things got all ` you have a destiny to fulfill . ' 
 now she had a locker and a chest full of pointy weapons . 
 `` did he say where ? '' 
 josh shook his head but changed his mind and nodded . 
 `` it made no sense . '' 
 natalie crossed her arms . 
 `` try us . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 josh shrugged . 
 `` he said we were going up to killington . 
 that something was keeping us trapped here , like a force field . 
 he was going to use the bus to ram it . 
 crazy , right ? '' 
 mark looked just as lost as she felt and mumbled , `` that would never work unless he attached some steel beams to the front . '' 
 `` he was ... '' josh searched for the right words , `` ... kinda green . 
 and his nose was really pointy . 
 he had some sort of skin condition , or something . '' 
 `` or something , '' natalie answered . 
 `` thanks , josh . '' 
 she returned her attention to mark as the freshmen made his way toward the school . 
 `` sounds like this week our big mystery is entitled ` force fields and other titillations by morach the great . '' ' 
 the bell rang over the loudspeakers . 
 `` and it sounds like you have to get to first period , '' mark said . 
 natalie groaned . 
 first period was science lab , and just thinking of science lab made the hairs on the back of her neck stand up . 
 it had been like that since going up against a mad scientist at the beginning of the school year . 
 her stomach tingled , and deep inside she felt pressure , like a giant cat was rolling beneath her organs and growling . 
 funny , she did n't remember eating a lion for breakfast . 
 `` you do n't need to say it , '' mark said . 
 `` i know how fast your metabolism burns through food thanks to your strength abilities . '' 
 `` i do n't think i 'm hungry , '' she replied as she saw a shadow on the grass just around the corner of the school , almost like it was lurking . 
 her heart quickened with recognition of its hunky form . 
 `` actually , maybe i am . 
 i 'll catch up with you , mark , '' natalie said as she patted the lapel of his jacket . 
 mark huffed . 
 `` teenagers , '' he sighed . 
 when she rounded the corner , she saw him -- six feet two inches of dreamy brooding dark warrior-ness that made her skin quiver and her heart leap with manic excitement . 
 and that was just how she thought of him when she was n't being dramatic . 
 just seeing him made her relax , even though she had n't been aware until now that she was tense . 
 he could draw her attention and gaze no matter where he was in a room , or whatever it was they were doing . 
 just to be in his presence made left her in awe . 
 she might have been a high school senior , but damien was so out of her league . 
 it did n't matter though . 
 it seemed that he 'd wanted her since the first moment they 'd seen each other . 
 damien swaggered over to her like he 'd been cast in his own `` underworld '' movie . 
 his tanned face was covered in day-old stubble , and he was definitely easy on the eyes . 
 he appeared to only be a few years older than her , but natalie suspected he was far older , and not just from the wrinkles that creased around his eyes when he laughed . 
 with each step he took , her heart quickened . 
 he had a strong jaw , a prominent brow , and he had the most intense eyes she 'd ever . 
 he smelled spicy in a very good way , and it made her want to snuggle up to him . 
 `` your time was well spent i hear . 
 the bus and students are all safe . 
 too bad about the lawn . '' 
 he chuckled at his own joke , but then his face fell . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 a soft hand cupped her chin , and it made her heart quiver with desire . 
 still her eyes were haunted and sad . 
 `` i just wish you were around when i really needed you . 
 i could have met my maker today . 
 we all could have . 
 and what were you doing ? '' 
 `` i was n't pricing sofas . '' 
 he needed a new line natalie thought . 
 this one was tattered and out of date . 
 `` morach 's minions were in this school setting booby traps in the metal shop . 
 for what , i have n't figured out , but the point is , i should n't have to explain myself to you . 
 when are you going to trust me ? '' 
 natalie did n't know the answer to that ; she did n't know why she did n't trust him . 
 `` he 's up to something . 
 talked about a force field keeping us prisoner here . '' 
 damien snorted . 
 `` news to me . 
 i just left meadow 's creek this morning . 
 i needed to stock up on some grain-free quinoa bagels . '' 
 natalie 's nose wrinkled in disgust . 
 `` eww . 
 still , something about it makes my stomach tingle . 
 and it 's not your blasphemous bagels . 
 i might need your help . '' 
 `` all is forgiven between us then ? '' 
 damien asked . 
 natalie felt that he was trying to change the subject , so she let him . 
 `` i guess it is handy having a sidekick . 
 saves me from trying to clone myself . '' 
 `` i am no girl 's sidekick , '' damien scowled . 
 natalie considered that with a toss of her head . 
 `` you look like a sidekick . 
 act like the sidekick . 
 scream bloody murder like a ... '' `` i killed two demons . 
 they were big and very scary , but i never screamed . 
 never . '' 
 his eyes narrowed and his voice was a rumble of thunder . 
 `` except for that time last week , '' natalie pointed out with a wave of her finger . 
 `` that was n't a scream . 
 it was more of a yelp . '' 
 she smirked . 
 `` this all proves why i work alone . 
 sidekicks are just too argumentative . '' 
 damien snorted . 
 `` you always say that , but we still work together . '' 
 `` because you 're always stalking me . '' 
 natalie huffed but took his hand in hers . 
 he put his hand on her waist and pulled her closer , making her heart quicken into a flurry of punches . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked softly , crossing her wrists behind his neck . 
 `` convincing you how well we work together . '' 
 damien spoke in a low growl , and it sent shivers up her spine . 
 his lips were warm and soft as they repeatedly met hers . 
 natalie could n't help but close her eyes and get lost in his tender embrace . 
 his hands gripped her back with urgency , and she ran her hands through his hair , forcing him closer to her . 
 mouths parted , and his breath was hot against her neck , breathing desire into each pound of her heart . 
 she loved him -- she did -- but most of the time , she still did n't trust him . 
 her blue eyes searched his . 
 `` where did you really go ? '' 
 `` i would have come to you if i 'd known the danger you were in , '' he said quickly like he did n't need to think of an answer . 
 `` will you ever trust me completely ? '' 
 he asked with real concern in his voice , as if it weighed heavily upon him . 
 natalie was sorry for that . 
 `` i trust you as much as i can under the circumstances . '' 
 `` and the circumstances are ? '' 
 damien asked as he held her close , keeping his hands on her hips . 
 she tilted her head and studied him . 
 his blue eyes were so intense , but she loved getting lost in them . 
 `` you 're a half-demon warrior . 
 i never know what side you 're on . '' 
 damien 's mouth swung open and lines of frustration creased around his eyes . 
 `` yours . 
 forever . '' 
 her eyes gazed past him at the school . 
 scowling , she broke the embrace and drifted away from damien . 
 the wall shimmered , almost like a still pool of water under a full moon . 
 it started out with a single glowing pinprick but expanded into a spinning radiant globe . 
 the edges were gold while the center was a deep radiating blue that reminded her of the ocean . 
 natalie reached her hand out to touch it , and as her fingers grazed the orb , it exploded with thunder . 
 the wall faded as if it were being demolished , but there was no debris , no sound , nor cloud of smoke . 
 for a moment , she could see inside into the library , with teenagers scattered about just like the ones she knew , only different . 
 in a blink of an eye , the wall reappeared as if natalie had imagined it all . 
 but she was n't imagining the mocking laughter all around them . 
 it was the hushed voice of an old man , raspy from a propensity for too many cigarettes . 
 sudden pain overtook her . 
 she moaned and grabbed her stomach like she 'd been punched . 
 her breath was suddenly labored , and when she looked up , damien grabbed her arm . 
 `` natalie , what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` i think i 'm going to need the school nurse . 
 do n't let her stick me with anything funny . '' 
 natalie collapsed onto the ground and heard jeering all around her as the grass and the trees fell away into a pixilated haze . 
 demon royale book 2 in the dream slayer series the only thing worse than dying , is running away ... since becoming employed by a supernatural protection agency , natalie johnson 's life has been more interesting than ever . 
 while most teens are working on their summer tans , natalie works on slaughtering the undead lurking just outside her town 's borders . 
 the workload takes more than just a toll on her love life , it dampens her spirit and her health , as the town is plagued by a mysterious murderer intent on stealing the residents ' souls . 
 natalie 's investigation is hampered by her declining health and the sicker she gets , the more inadequate she feels . 
 guilt over her inability to act , weighs heavily on natalie 's shoulders during a time when her strength is needed more than ever . 
 as some of those closest to her begin to lose faith , she must make the hardest stand yet to save the soul of the one person she can always count on : the slayer . 
 chapter one life changed . 
 people moved on . 
 but natalie would never be the same . 
 natalie johnson squatted down atop a cliff . 
 her eyes followed the crowds of people below as they filed into the pancake house . 
 the wooden stake in her hand dripped with black blood , and judging by the rustling in the trees below , she was n't done using her stake that night . 
 a group of teenagers got out of their car and headed into the maple sweet restaurant , unaware they were being trailed by someone in the shadows -- someone lurking in the comfort of the trees . 
 his movements were controlled with delicate precision as he crept along , and even from this distance , natalie could make out the yellow of his eyes . 
 vampires . 
 she hated the lot of them , but they were her job . 
 her mistake -- her problem . 
 she started her descent off the mountain , her feet perched on the rocks , and her knees bent like she was going to surf the cliffs . 
 natalie 's plan was to sail through the air , putting her trajectory between the innocent teenagers and the vampire ghoul ... until her foot slipped and pebbles slid out from underneath her sneaker . 
 arms flailing , natalie fell onto her butt and slid down the rocks until she landed on her stomach right beside a parked car . 
 her blue glasses sat askew on her face like she 'd fallen asleep on them , but at least she had n't been knocked unconscious this time . 
 natalie hopped up to her feet and a rasping growl caught her attention . 
 the vampire was eyeing her like she was walking lunch . 
 most vampires could n't speak , and this one was no exception . 
 instead , it just growled at her , though his eyes flashed recognition of who she was . 
 good . 
 maybe they were circulating an undead flyer with her picture on it ; that would keep the undead ghouls up during the day when they should be sleeping to recharge for their evening feeding . 
 he advanced on her , but his movements were cautious , and he barely got within arm 's length . 
 natalie leaped forward and snatched him by the arm . 
 she then spun him as if they were dancing a private waltz and sent his body crunching into a parked car . 
 the vampire howled and lurched forward with his clawed fingers outstretched for her . 
 natalie stomped on his foot , kneed the beast in the stomach , and delivered a knockout punch across his jaw . 
 the vampire 's head snapped to the side and blood sprayed out of his mouth . 
 his eyes rolled like shiny marbles in their sockets , and his eyebrows drew together in an angry scowl . 
 he hissed , saliva dripping down his chin , and natalie took the opportunity to drive her wooden stake into his chest . 
 with a solid thrust , natalie grunted and heard his sternum snap in his chest . 
 she stepped back , pulling her stake free with an angry flourish . 
 this was the point where she was supposed to say something witty , but she found she could n't . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' natalie whispered . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mr. mitchell , that i let the vampires into our town . 
 i 'm sorry for what they did to you . 
 i 'm sorry you had to die for my mistake . '' 
 her mistake . 
 she had n't known her daydreams were real and would bring nightmares into the real world , or that she would have to use a powerful magic to stop the patricians , a group of supercharged magicians , in a tug of war game with her power as her prize . 
 the crystal was only thing that could defeat them , and when she did that , she had let more vampires and demons into meadow 's creek than there were geeks at a star trek convention . 
 the vampire 's face changed for a split second , and natalie thought he might speak to her , but that was crazy . 
 even if he could , he 'd never get the chance , as his body began to puddle into black blood . 
 natalie watched as his face melted away like a lit candle turning to wax . 
 the gooey liquid dripped against the car and began to drip down the driver 's side door . 
 she felt like sighing and could have cried if allowed to think on it for too long . 
 luckily for her , a group of girls from school came by . 
 they were in denim miniskirts and clingy tank tops . 
 even though it was august , they were spray-tan orange -- it was hard to get an even tan in vermont no matter what time of year it was . 
 `` eww , '' one of the girls said . 
 `` did you puke on that car ? '' 
 another girl rolled her eyes . 
 `` puke is n't black . 
 or maybe yours is . '' 
 natalie turned away . 
 `` i did n't do anything , '' she defended , but the mocking laughter that followed rang in her ears . 
 her eyes stung with hot tears , but it was n't because of the teasing -- that did n't bother her anymore . 
 when people turned into undead , bloodsucking beasts because of things you did , a little thing like laughter did n't bother you so much . 
 natalie heard clapping coming from the restaurant , and she headed toward it . 
 she saw kenneth with his thick black glasses . 
 he was dressed in a navy suit and a matching tie . 
 his jacket pocket was lined with a plastic protector , and in his hand was a brown clipboard . 
 underneath it all , natalie saw a handsome older man . 
 the guy had to be pushing twenty-one , and he was in meadow 's creek for her . 
 kenneth checked off a few boxes on his clipboard . 
 `` ms. johnson , your dismount was less than stellar , and while your staking was efficient , you forgot to issue the requisite one-liner . '' 
 `` i did n't forget . '' 
 natalie 's lips set in a straight line . 
 `` i did n't think it was appropriate . 
 a man died . '' 
 kenneth 's face remained unchanged . 
 `` his fate does n't change whether you issue the witty remark or not . 
 and you were breaking protocol . '' 
 he sighed and tucked the clipboard under his arm . 
 `` as your probation officer , i am forced to remind you that the quicker you prove to me that you are ready , the faster i can approve you for field duty . 
 then we can both go back to our lives . '' 
 natalie held her breath and her cheeks puffed up with air while she listened to his latest criticism . 
 `` now i feel forced to remind you that i am already in the field . 
 i stopped the patricians from destroying the town and stopped morach from killing mr. buckle . 
 i 'm new , yes , but i think we were doing just fine before you got here . '' 
 `` but you failed to capture him , did n't you ? '' 
 kenneth 's chin stuck out in a smug display . 
 `` the world organization of magical protection has commanded his capture , and until you do , your mission is incomplete as far as womp is concerned . 
 if i must , i will repeat section two , paragraph seven b -- '' natalie held up her hand . 
 `` no need . '' 
 her teeth smacked together . 
 `` i remember . 
 i 'm going to go back inside and get something to eat . 
 all this vampire hunting has made me hungry . '' 
 kenneth brought his clipboard back out to jot something down , but he remained quiet . 
 natalie was glad . 
 she hated going toe to toe with him and was grateful that most of the time her custodian , charles buckle , worked as a buffer . 
 even so , she wished damien was around to put kenneth in his place . 
 but no one knew if damien was dead or alive . 
 his body was never found inside the rubble of the high school cafeteria after the explosion last spring , and no one had seen him since that day . 
 after everything they 'd been through , she knew if he was okay , he 'd come back . 
 but he had n't , so maybe he was dead too . 
 an agent against evil for years , and a few days with her had ended his life . 
 part of natalie felt like she 'd see him again . 
 she could n't believe he was really gone , and something in her soul said she 'd see him again . 
 natalie knew she was n't in love with him , not really , but he was handsome ... and way too old for her . 
 besides , she had a boyfriend . 
 they headed toward the old-style victorian home refashioned into a bustling restaurant . 
 with its yellow shutters and stained-glass windows , it was one of the most beautiful things she 'd ever seen . 
 it was dusk , and the bright lights from town shone against the backdrop of the green mountains . 
 vermont had never looked so beautiful . 
 the french doors were decorated with multicolored glass , and around the side were sweeping bay windows that allowed patrons to gaze out at the city . 
 through the glass , she could see the life of the busy restaurant as they went inside and found their tables . 
 food was already at the table , and sitting side by side in a booth was the rest of her team . 
 michelle tracker , a friend natalie had recently reconnected with , and charles buckle . 
 but her eyes settled on tristan , and her heart thumped an intense beat at the sight of him . 
 he was relaxed in a t-shirt and jeans , but something about the way he breathed and chewed his bacon was enough to cause a stirring in her soul . 
 they 'd been friends their entire lives , and natalie had been more than surprised when he 'd professed his love for her , but she 'd been downright astonished when her own feelings for him intensified . 
 when he looked at her and their eyes connected , a small smile played on his lips , and natalie was overcome with a warm glow , like standing in the sun after a rainy day . 
 she settled with sliding beside him into the booth . 
 his arm tucked around her shoulders and gave her a squeeze . 
 for a moment , natalie nuzzled her nose against his neck and took a deep breath . 
 his cologne was spicy but sweet and made her heart gallop faster . 
 someone cleared their throat , and it was n't charles buckle , but rather kenneth in the booth beside theirs . 
 he was seated alone with his plate of pancakes , but he was surrounded by a towering display of books and study materials . 
 `` sorry about that , '' he said . 
 `` bacon gone down the wrong way . 
 just go about your business and pretend i 'm not here . '' 
 charles gave him a sharp look . 
 he pursed his lips and his brow furrowed before wiping the corner of his mouth with his napkin . 
 `` any luck ? '' 
 michelle rolled her eyes . 
 `` you talk about it like she was out searching for some car keys . '' 
 charles and tristan shushed the redheaded beauty before she gave anything away . 
 natalie glanced at kenneth and saw that he was again writing something down . 
 it left her distracted . 
 `` yup . 
 vampire 's dead , '' she said simply . 
 two people in the booth the other side of them to kenneth 's turned to stare , pieces of bacon hanging from their mouths . 
 `` way to go with just blurting stuff out , natalie , '' michelle said sarcastically . 
 `` i did n't say it that loud , did i ? '' 
 she scowled . 
 `` loud enough , '' charles said with a sigh and sipped his tea . 
 he nodded his head toward natalie so she would know to pick up the thread . 
 she took a deep breath , not used to talking in front of groups of people greater than two , but she was getting better at it since her custodian had forced her to do it almost daily . 
 `` miss farbaker is being buried tomorrow . 
 she might rise from the grave being all ... you know ... fangy . '' 
 natalie watched the booth in front of her to make sure no one turned around this time . 
 `` we need to stake her out , and if she rises from the grave all undead , then we need to ... umm ... stake her . '' 
 natalie scowled at her poor sentence structure , but it was too late for a do over . 
 `` all night ? '' 
 michelle asked with a roll of her eyes . 
 natalie 's eyes were on kenneth . 
 `` you do n't have to come if you do n't want to , michelle . 
 we can handle it without you . '' 
 `` or , '' michelle said with a grin , `` we could bring marcus to keep me company . '' 
 everyone at the table groaned . 
 it was n't the first time michelle had tried to get marcus to join their paladin party . 
 `` cmon . 
 he really wants to help . 
 i told him about all the cool stuff we do . '' 
 michelle folded up half a pancake and stuffed it in her mouth . 
 kenneth cleared his throat and took a sip of water . 
 `` sorry ... you people do realize that slaying vampires is a life or death situation , do n't you ? '' 
 natalie 's heart leaped with nerves , but michelle was oblivious to her discomfort . 
 `` so ? '' 
 michelle bounced in her seat and batted her eyelashes at charles . 
 `` please , chuck . '' 
 charles shook his head as he wiped the corner of his mouth with a napkin . 
 `` absolutely not . 
 having two non-paladins going out on missions is enough to have womp on my case as it is . 
 i ca n't explain one more . 
 not without the boss becoming even more furious with me than she already is . '' 
 michelle narrowed her eyes and stuffed a fork full of hash brown in her mouth . 
 `` i ca n't believe you guys wo n't even let him try . 
 he 'd be a really good sidekick . '' 
 michelle tossed down her napkin and made her escape , pulling down her dress a little as she stood . 
 natalie wanted to rush after her , but tristan 's hand on her thigh steadied her . 
 charles cleared his throat , and his eyes were on kenneth when he spoke . 
 `` by standard rules , there should only be the paladin and the custodian . 
 we are already an unconventional team , i think its best we not draw attention to ourselves any further . '' 
 `` slayer dudes , there can only ever be two ! 
 the master and the apprentice ! '' 
 it was marcus with his crazy shaggy haircut and austin powers glasses . 
 that night he was wearing a yellow t-shirt and a black jacket with a black striped tie swinging around his neck . 
 he flopped down in michelle 's seat and pulled charles ' plate of pancakes over . 
 `` are you done with this ? '' 
 `` she 'll be okay , nat . '' 
 tristan pulled her hair from her neck and gave her a kiss . 
 natalie closed her eyes and took a deep breath . 
 she loved it when he did stuff like that , even if they were in public . 
 under the table , her hand crept over to his knee and gave him a squeeze . 
 his hot breath was against her lips in an open-mouth kiss , and desire built inside her . 
 they may have been alone at the table for all she knew , and natalie could n't have been happier . 
 their moment was interrupted like a needle grating against a record . 
 `` how 's everything ? '' 
 a woman asked as she stopped by their table . 
 natalie recognized her as the owner of the restaurant , evelyn drake . 
 she was in her customary brown uniform with a long white apron , which was decorated with a bottle of maple syrup , tied around her waist . 
 she was a simple woman , and the only accessory she wore was a blue pendant around her neck . 
 `` great . '' 
 natalie smiled meekly as marcus gave her two thumbs up while eating the last of the hash browns . 
 out of the corner of her eye , she could see her probation officer making more notes . 
 she felt so closed in when he was around and wanted to scream , but that would n't help her cause at all . 
 `` oh , mr. buckle , hello . '' 
 evelyn blushed as she said his name . 
 natalie watched with growing concern ; ` mr. buckle ' was her name for him . 
 charles immediately stood to address her and bumped his knee on the table . 
 he grimaced while evelyn gave a short chuckle , covering her mouth delicately with her hand . 
 `` ms. drake , it 's good to see you again , of course . '' 
 a silly grin came over his face as he stuffed his hands in his pockets . 
 `` you too . 
 i hope your pancakes were good . '' 
 `` oh yes , he 's just a food-stealing menace . '' 
 charles gestured to marcus , who was shoveling food into his mouth by the truckload . 
 `` well good , glad to hear it . 
 i guess i 'll see you tomorrow afternoon . 
 two ? '' 
 charles nodded . 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 be where ? 
 natalie wanted to scream but did n't . 
 did they have a freestanding appointment ? 
 and if so , how come she was just hearing about it ? 
 her custodian could n't date , could he ? 
 `` good . '' 
 evelyn gave him a grin before moving on to the next table . 
 natalie and tristan 's mouths were open in shock . 
 `` chuck , you have a ... date ? 
 with a woman ? '' 
 `` it 's not unheard of . 
 i do occasionally socialize with adults . '' 
 charles took his seat in the booth but glowered at kenneth . 
 `` mr. parsons , does that really need to be noted ? 
 i am afforded a social life . '' 
 kenneth sipped his water and did n't look up . 
 `` a thorough report is a good report , agent buckle . '' 
 charles sighed in resignation . 
 `` at least we know why he always wants us to discuss our missions over pancakes . '' 
 natalie smirked , but the idea of her custodian dating made her feel possessive enough to blush . 
 `` i 'm going to go check on michelle . '' 
 natalie gave tristan a parting smile and headed down the rows of tables . 
 she took a deep breath , allowing her jealous feelings to flow off of her , but it still nagged at the back of her mind . 
 charles was an adult , and if he wanted to date , he was allowed to . 
 she dated , and it was nice . 
 everyone should have a chance at happiness , and there was more to life than just slaying vampires . 
 natalie was happy for him -- really . 
 she dodged several high-speed waitresses as she came to the bathroom door by the entry into the kitchen . 
 the waitresses raced by like they had wheel on their feet , balancing trays full of plates with towering pancake stacks . 
 and on the wall , natalie saw dainty bottles of syrup in a row . 
 some were full and some nearly empty , but all were amber in color . 
 she pushed through the swinging door to the restroom , and the fragrant aroma of flowers hit her immediately . 
 there was a giant green vase against the wall filled with gorgeous lilies , sprays , and leafy garland . 
 the walls were painted brown , like chocolate , and each of the vanity sinks were separated by a small bowl of potpourri . 
 the smell was so strong , it was like stepping into a florist shop . 
 crouched down on the floor , michelle was vomiting , and there were tears streaming down her face . 
 natalie raced to her side , but her friend shook her head and pointed to the open bathroom stall , the one where blood pooled on the floor . 
 natalie pushed into the bathroom stall to find a woman still sitting on the toilet . 
 her head was leaned back , and her panties were around her calves as if it was just a regular bathroom visit , but her body was covered in blood . 
 it was matted in her hair and streaked down her limbs like she 'd bathed in it . 
 her hands gripped at her abdomen , but she was n't alive . 
 natalie could tell from the way her head was rocked back with her eyes staring up at the ceiling . 
 but whatever had happened to her , her mouth was drawn in a single line as if she was asleep or peacefully resting . 
 the stench of blood hit her all at once . 
 natalie swallowed back the racing vomit , and her paladin instincts kicked in , pushing the rest of her emotional responses to the side . 
 she studied the victim from a distance at first . 
 the woman could n't have been older than eighteen , and had beautiful hair once . 
 she wore sneakers paired with a short clingy miniskirt and a pink button blouse . 
 everything was stained red , and as natalie studied her , she could still see the slow dripping of blood . 
 it was everywhere . 
 natalie stepped farther in , trying not to step in the growing puddle , but she found it near impossible . 
 she grabbed some toilet paper and used it to tilt back the woman 's head . 
 it looked free of injury , but as the paladin tried to move the woman 's arm away from her abdomen , the sweet smell of flesh blood hit her . 
 the woman 's blouse was half-unbuttoned , and her hands were n't merely resting against her abdomen , they were inside it . 
 the skin was nonexistent , torn away as if a bomb had gone off inside her . 
 shreds of muscles hung from her abdomen cavity like drapes made of beads , and shards of broken bone fragments clung to her flesh . 
 her hands were bright red , as if dipped in red paint , and underneath each fingernail were long strands of flesh . 
 it was n't a vampire . 
 it was n't suicide . 
 this was something much worse . 
 `` natalie , '' michelle 's voice sobbed . 
 `` your hair ... '' turning to the mirror , natalie saw what michelle was talking about . 
 her hair was tinged blond at the roots , just like the slayer 's . 
 eyes widening with shock , natalie witnessed her irises turn from brown to blue . 
 something inside her was changing . 
 natalie groaned like she 'd been punched in the stomach . 
 she gripped the door stall and found michelle was at her side . 
 `` i think i 'm going to pass out . '' 
 `` again ? '' 
 michelle 's nose wrinkled . 
 `` should i get you a pillow or something ? '' 
 natalie let out an exasperated breath , and her vision flashed with swirls of grass . 
 she could smell salty water and hear happy squeals from children . 
 putting a hand to her forehead , she saw a lake filled with boats , and her feet were damp . 
 her body thudded to the ground as her world faded into darkness . 
 dawning apocalypse book 3 in the dream slayer series protection , murder , deception ... no one can know natalie works for a supernatural protection agency and is charged with protecting meadow 's creek from vampires . 
 but as their numbers swell , their presence does n't go unnoticed throwing her town under the microscope from the local government and the fbi . 
 natalie 's job is pushed even further into the shadows where she must dodge the police , concerned citizens and even her own parents . 
 meanwhile a deadly plague grips the town and natalie suspects it 's more than just a hacking cough . 
 while the stress of working overtime erodes her relationships she will race against time , illness , to face a familiar enemy , save an old friend , and stop an undead seize that wants nothing more than to suck meadow 's creek dry . 
 chapter one rain hit the pavement . 
 the street lights glowed amber in the darkness . 
 off in the distance sirens wailed and the flashing police lights beckoned natalie johnson closer to the scene of the crime . 
 she was dressed all in black , her brown hair pulled back in a loose ponytail and her head covered in a black knit winter cap . 
 natalie was dressed more like a super spy than a teenage girl with the propensity for shoving a piece of wood through a vampire 's heart . 
 but things were different . 
 things had changed . 
 vampires had caught the eye of government officials and now she had to balance her duties of being a paladin while sneaking past the fbi . 
 there was a city wide curfew and with halloween just days away , the city was on high alert . 
 they thought a serial killer was on the loose , but the truth was much worse . 
 much darker . 
 natalie could n't tell them . 
 she could n't tell anyone . 
 instead she had to fight pockets of vampires one on one , hoping her actions depleted the vampire 's numbers enough that the media would stop sensationalizing the murders and the fbi would be called away somewhere else . 
 if natalie could figure out who sired all the vampires , why they could now get in uninvited and go out during the day time , her life would be so much easier . 
 this was bad enough , but she actually had a week 's worth of detention . 
 talk about cramping a girl 's style . 
 65 maple street was a brick apartment complex and where flora and ivan grayson had lived , before they were murdered . 
 natalie came to it and saw what she expected , flashing lights from an ambulance , a coroner 's van , and the host of regular suspects ; special field agents jack davis and grace farland . 
 good people , but natalie was pinned down ; unable to move with them in town watching everyone 's every move . 
 she had n't run into them yet personally , but it was only a matter of time . 
 and what was she going to say ? 
 sorry i broke curfew . 
 vampires made me do it . 
 natalie squatted down beside an old dark chevrolet , her jacket giving a light crinkle that only she could hear thanks to the pelting rain . 
 she took in her surroundings with one swoop of her eyes : two gurneys with people in body bags and the fbi headed inside the apartment while the police strung the yellow do-not-cross tape . 
 it almost seemed safe . 
 the police were there . 
 everything was going to be fine . 
 but the rules were n't the same and no one knew that . 
 except natalie . 
 she touched her ear and static came over her new communication device ; issued from womp after a series of late night paperwork filings . 
 natalie still had the paper cuts to prove it . 
 `` two bodies , '' she whispered . 
 natalie paused , her eyes being drawn to the roof of the apartment buildings . 
 behind the backdrop of the moonlight she saw a human form moving , shadowing the movement of several officers on the west side of the building . 
 `` bob 's still here . '' 
 natalie used their keyword for vampires since the media had dubbed the ` serial killer ' pinhole bob thanks to the marks left on the victims ' necks . 
 `` he 's on the move . '' 
 her ear cleared of static . 
 `` be careful , '' charles buckle , her guide and old mentor said with a stern sharpness to his voice . 
 she did n't have a cover story if she got caught and the last thing she needed right now was having her parents awoken in the middle of the night by the police . 
 natalie managed to skirt closer by ducking car to car . 
 she reached down and gathered some small pebbles , but they were big enough to do what she needed them to do . 
 reaching her arm back , natalie propelled them toward the police cruisers and then ducked down low , her back against the tires and her knees bent to hide her frame . 
 the flashlights from the officers changed direction and their footsteps moved to investigate the noise . 
 natalie used that time to move around the side of the car and duck behind the other side of the apartment building . 
 using a drain pipe , she climbed the side of the house like she was miss piggy in the great muppet caper , only with more skill and more comfortable shoes , and launched herself onto the roof . 
 she sailed through the air , her legs extended and the soles of her boots collided with the chest of a fangy vampire , his eyes glowing yellow like the rodent he was . 
 his back crunched against the roof and natalie rolled onto her feet , reaching inside her pocket and retrieving her wooden stake . 
 she gave it a spin for bravado and took an offensive stance . 
 the vampire launched an attack , swinging his mighty claws , but his eyes flashed recognition . 
 he stopped . 
 recoiling away , he hissed a warning . 
 `` finish it . '' 
 natalie taunted . 
 `` i 'm just a girl . 
 come here and take me on . '' 
 all vampires fought to the death , but not this one . 
 he ran like he was afraid , like he was acting on more than just instinct . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 natalie called and lunged ; grabbing the hem of his jacket and yanking him backwards . 
 he growled , his nose against hers . 
 there was no fight in him at all . 
 he was the most non-vampire vampire she had ever fought . 
 when natalie pushed the wooden stake into his chest , it was too anticlimactic . 
 like the battle had to be fierce to be won , but he just dissolved . 
 into a black puddle , like they always did . 
 and then there were a dozen small lights shining on her . 
 crap , natalie thought and dove to the ground , rolling against the flat roof . 
 voices ran out from downstairs . 
 `` someone is on the roof ! '' 
 she scampered across the rooftop on all fours , keeping her belly low to the ground . 
 when she reached the other side , footsteps charged the fire escape . 
 her heart galloped so fast in her chest , she could barely breathe . 
 there was no time to think or plan , natalie just had to react . 
 she jumped off the roof , landed in a squat on the dumpster below , and dove onto the grass . 
 she fell into a rolling summersault and before she knew which way was up , natalie was charging from the street . 
 but she was n't alone , there were officers charging her and in the distance , a car engine reved to life . 
 sirens turned to full volume . 
 if ever natalie needed an emergency super spy extraction , it was right then . 
 but there was no one that could help her . 
 only she could get herself out of this . 
 heck , natalie had created a dream dimension out of nothing where everyone she knew had an alter personality . 
 she herself was the all-powerful slayer . 
 what would the slayer do ? 
 she could n't get caught . 
 she could n't be arrested or let the secret out , not without womp being seriously pissed of at her . 
 natalie did n't know if she was right or wrong , but she needed to hide . 
 and hide fast . 
 she led the officers away from the apartment building and she did it by cutting across lawns , jumping fences , and breaking at least half a dozen property laws along the way . 
 natalie cringed as she jumped into a tree , her shaking limbs pulling her up into some kid 's tree house . 
 she barely managed to pull her legs in before she fell to the planks of wood that served as the floor . 
 her lungs were laboring hard and natalie wanted to gasp for breath , to take a deep inhale , but voices whispered below . 
 her chest was aching , screaming for relief , but all she could do was squeeze her eyes shut and pray to god they did n't find her . 
 `` we lost him . '' 
 said a female 's voice . 
 natalie thought it might be fbi grace mcfarland , but her voice was raspy -- like she had a cold . 
 `` him ? '' 
 the raspy , grating voice could only be that of jack davis , the lead agent and major thorn in natalie 's side . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure when i shined my flashlight on the killer , i saw a woman . 
 a girl . '' 
 davis corrected himself . 
 natalie squeezed her eyes shut and in her mind , she swore . 
 she did n't do that a lot , but it seemed appropriate given the situation . 
 had they seen her face clearly ? 
 and had they realized what she did moments before they discovered her ? 
 `` keep sweeping the area . 
 the killer has to be around here somewhere . 
 maybe even lives here . 
 keep your eyes open . '' 
 natalie laid still until the footsteps and the lights of the cars were gone . 
 then she rolled onto her back , finally taking a deep much needed breath . 
 she touched her hand to her ear . 
 `` how bad was it ? '' 
 charles asked . 
 `` bad . '' 
 natalie heaved . 
 `` should i put on a pot of tea ? '' 
 natalie did n't even need to think about it . 
 `` that 's the best thing you 've said all week . '' 
 communication fell silent and natalie rolled onto her belly . 
 outside the coast was clear so she made her way to buckle 's gifts , using buildings for cover . 
 when she got there , the lights were dim but charles was at his desk with two cups of strong tea . 
 natalie sipped hers and it warmed her . 
 the caffeine helped give her a nice jolt of energy . 
 `` tomorrow night is halloween . '' 
 charles sighed . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` we need to call the city dance off . 
 it 's too dangerous . '' 
 surprised , he glanced up . 
 `` i do n't see how we can do that . 
 what reason would we give to alert the police ? 
 the mayor ? '' 
 `` how about a serial killer ? '' 
 natalie said . 
 `` the fbi and police are going to be there . 
 everyone will assume they are perfectly safe . 
 a dangerous assumption , but we have no other choice . '' 
 she sighed and rubbed her forehead . 
 `` so tomorrow night , we go and cross our fingers . 
 hope for the best ? '' 
 charles nodded and held his breath . 
 `` it 's our only option . '' 
 natalie drained her cup . 
 `` make it a double . '' 
 she slammed it down and waited for charles to fill her back up . 
 connect want to stay up to date on latest releases , exclusive news and contests ? 
 join my newsletter http://jillacooper.com/content/newsletter i would love to hear from my readers and fans . 
 connect with me on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/pages/jill-cooper/319251368110396 or email me at jill@nosquaresoftware.com with the word ` reader ' in the subject line 
