 my vision was veiled in gray , and i had been dying inside for hours . 
 grimly , i stared at the ceiling and listened to the silent house surrounding me . 
 the wind nudged at the eaves , whistled in the cracks , until i could pretend i was n't alone . 
 i lit no lamps and i did n't kindle a fire in the hearth . 
 darkness suited me better . 
 forget me . 
 stop staring at me with those begging eyes . 
 i ca n't be what you need , now . 
 i had said that to deuce on her naming day , there was only silence between us , and then ... she brought me a gift . 
 earlier , i had been working in edmund 's shop when i heard her come in . 
 she murmured to her father ; i did n't hear what she said . 
 but his voice carried . 
 `` fade 's in the back , cutting patterns . '' 
 `` do you mind ... ? '' 
 `` go on . 
 he 's welcome to take a break . 
 hard worker , that one ... does n't talk much , though . '' 
 that 's because my words are gone . 
 i lost them in the pens . 
 i closed my eyes for few seconds , bracing to see her . 
 from the darkness in deuce 's eyes when she regarded me , she thought it was easy for me to walk away from what had happened . 
 but it was like a dance across a field strewn with razors , and i bled with every step i took . 
 never in my life had i been so far from deserving what i most desperately wanted . 
 she strode into the back room , a tight space littered with tools and scraps of leather , with a fierce , determined look . 
 joy , there was always joy for an instant whenever i saw her , but awareness chased it away . 
 she deserves someone better , stronger . 
 my face froze . 
 i set down the awl i had been using to punch holes in the leather and tilted my head . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i did n't expect it would take her long to give up-and to figure out what i already knew-that she could do better . 
 i 'm not whole . 
 i 'm livestock . 
 and even if i lived to be an old man , i could never , ever forget how it felt to watch the freaks turn frank into haunches of meat , tied up for roasting . 
 parts of him , they devoured raw , blood smearing their monstrous fangs , and then they dragged me on . 
 taking a breath , another , i kept from shaking so she could see , clenching my hands on the underside of the workbench until my knuckles whitened . 
 `` i see that you 're unhappy ... you feel trapped . 
 but i can help . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she explained , `` longshot left me his house . 
 i would n't like living alone , and i do n't mind edmund or momma oaks . 
 so you can stay and take care of the place . 
 it 'll give you more peace ... more privacy . 
 nobody will bother you there . '' 
 there were no words sufficient to express my gratitude , but i tried . 
 `` i. . . 
 really appreciate this . '' 
 `` do you know where it is ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` longshot had me over once . '' 
 she put the key on the counter , and i picked it up . 
 the metal was cool and heavy in my palm . 
 that 's her legacy , not yours . 
 but you 'll take it , so you have a place to hide . 
 coward . 
 you should 've heard them . 
 you should 've fought harder . 
 `` that 's all , then , '' she said . 
 deuce hesitated , and i could tell she wanted me to ask her to stay . 
 if i could wind my watch backward and be the person i was before , i 'd do it , but i could n't , and it seemed kinder to let this end . 
 in some bleak corner of my heart , i remembered my father and how he had been after my mother died . 
 that 's what happens when the sun goes dark . 
 before , he was full of stories and laughter . 
 we moved around a lot , running , hiding , but there was always brightness topside . 
 my father had a slim bag of books that he carried , no matter where we sheltered , and each night , he read to me from one of them . 
 during the sunny season , he taught me to swim at the river with my mother looking on . 
 there were dangers , but we were cautious , and my father had friends around the city . 
 i liked visiting our family 's friend pearl , and i loved listening to tales wherein people did n't scavenge to survive . 
 these stories taught me about better ways to live . 
 we 'll go when you 're older , he 'd say . 
 you must be strong enough to keep up . 
 only we never left . 
 instead , my mother got sick , and she went so fast . 
 i watched her get pale and thin ; she could n't keep her food down . 
 after that , my father was a shadow . 
 he tried , but his smile was a dead and frozen thing . 
 it did n't even surprise me one frosty morning when i crawled out of my blankets to find him cold and still . 
 that same despair rolled through me now , echoes of how i felt sobbing and pounding my father 's chest . 
 deuce 's eyes were dark as thunderclouds as she stared at me . 
 i held her gaze for as long as i could bear and then i dropped my eyes to the swatch of leather on the table before me . 
 i wanted to reach for her , but my hands were filled with lead . 
 `` deuce ... thank you . '' 
 `` welcome , '' she muttered . 
 and then she left . 
 i worked a little longer , but edmund heard stirrings in town that made him shoo me out of the shop and hurry home . 
 unmoored , i strolled through salvation , head down . 
 close to the green , i heard caroline bigwater ranting , but that was so common that i did n't stop to listen . 
 nobody spoke to me as i let myself into longshot 's cottage , the sanctuary deuce had given me . 
 there was nothing in the house to eat , just dust and cobwebs , but that suited me fine . 
 the shadows were lengthening when i settled in the chair before the dead fireplace , and i was still sitting there when the knock sounded , though i had shifted my gaze from the ceiling to the empty chair across from me . 
 with a faint sigh , i got up to answer it , ready to wish my unwelcome guest to the devil . 
 the caustic words died in my throat when i found edmund standing there with a basket covered by one of momma oaks 's embroidered napkins . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 it was still light enough for me to read his expression , and he appeared to have something weighty on his mind . 
 `` of course , sir . '' 
 i stepped back and let edmund in . 
 things had been cool and uncomfortable at the shop since deuce 's naming day . 
 he loved his daughter , and he blamed me , rightfully , for hurting her . 
 but sometimes there was no cure but a clean break ; in my case , i 'd only bring her down with me . 
 i considered what she 'd risked to pull me out of the horde , and i could n't take the chance she 'd repeat the foolishness . 
 `` my wife sent dinner . '' 
 `` please thank her for me , '' i said , unfolding the cloth . 
 inside the basket , i found a dish of hearty stew , a round of bread , butter , and a wedge of apple spice cake . 
 it did n't seem right to eat while edmund sat watching , so i wrapped the meal back up and said , `` care to sit ? '' 
 `` for a spell , '' he answered . 
 joining him before the ashen hearth , i waited for him to speak . 
 he did n't fidget , only fixed me with a steady look that made my stomach churn . 
 shame made me drop my eyes , and i braced for him to tell me i was n't welcome in his shop-that he had no desire to teach me about leatherworking any longer . 
 i was ready for that . 
 so what he actually said landed like a kick in the teeth . 
 `` deuce is leaving tonight . 
 elder bigwater made it sound like a rescue mission , one she has a chance of succeeding at , but i 'm afraid he 's sending my girl out to die . '' 
 the basket slipped from my hands , hit the floor with a thunk , and desperation cracked my voice . 
 `` you ca n't let her go . '' 
 he wore a wry , weary smile . 
 `` did you ever try to stop that girl when she 's running ? 
 i 'd have more luck roping the wind . '' 
 `` i ca n't talk her out of it , '' i said quietly . 
 `` we 're not on the best terms , as i guess you figured out . '' 
 `` i 've come to ask you , man to man , to go with her . 
 whatever maggot you 've got in your head , i know you care about her . 
 i ca n't fight , so i 'm begging you , fade . 
 do n't let her go out there alone . '' 
 my eyes stung , but i 'd rather die than expose myself as weak and broken before deuce 's father . 
 somehow i swallowed it all down and managed to say , `` i ca n't . 
 i 'm not man enough . '' 
 `` you think a man does n't fall down , son ? 
 a real man falls down nine times and gets up ten . 
 you think real men do n't get scared ? 
 we do , all the time , especially when the people we love can be taken away from us . 
 the key to manhood is being there , every morning when she wakes up , every night before she goes to bed . 
 that 's what a man does . 
 it has nothing to do with how good you are with some shiny knives . 
 and if you let her do this thing alone , then by god - '' `` i 'll go , '' i said , staggered by the intensity in his voice , in the way he was leaning forward in his chair , like he might very well choke me if i did n't agree . 
 `` glad you saw reason , '' he said , pushing to his feet . 
 edmund did n't offer his hand to shake , which told me he 'd noticed the way i shied away in the shop . 
 not a reflex i wanted or controlled-to my own eyes , i was like a whipped dog that shivered anytime people got too close . 
 but the older man did dip his head in silent thanks as he headed out . 
 at the door , he paused . 
 `` eat some of that supper , you 'll need the strength for the road . '' 
 i took him at his word and devoured the contents of the basket as quick as i could , then i set it on the shelf in longshot 's kitchen . 
 it was easy to picture him here , so happy with his wife . 
 some loves could never be replaced , and men spent their lives chasing that light into the shadows , until the long walk opened up , one last journey before the final homecoming . 
 deuce is that love for me . 
 this time , when someone rapped on the door , i was expecting it , but i took my time about answering , tremors shaking over me . 
 each time , seeing her ripped my heart out like the pain was brand new , like i 'd just bleed out on the floor . 
 but the darkness leveled me out , kept from showing her how wrecked i was . 
 the pale oval of her face gleamed in the moonlight . 
 she stepped back half a pace when she saw me , and my fingers curled . 
 it 's starting already . 
 things can never be the same . 
 you 'll always be the one she found trussed up like an animal . 
 in reaction , sharp words snapped out before i could stop them , poison i feared would eat through any warmth she had left for me . 
 `` did you forget something ? '' 
 i 'll never let you fight alone . 
 i promised your father , and i 'll watch after you , best i can . 
 if i ca n't be with you , i can die for you . 
 in time , you 'll remember me the way i was , before . 
 and that 'd probably be best . 
 `` just this . '' 
 stretching up on tiptoe , she pressed her lips to my cheek . 
 the heat sparked through me , making me yearn for so many beautiful , impossible things that i actually recoiled from the weight of that want . 
 `` good-bye , fade . '' 
 if she had whipped out her blades and stabbed me in the side , it could n't have hurt more . 
 for a few seconds , i could n't get my breath , drowning in the icy water of that rejection . 
 `` i deserve that . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she was already turning . 
 elder bigwater had given her a mission , and it did n't matter if she left me behind . 
 i should n't mind . 
 that 's what i wanted . 
 i told her to forget me . 
 but getting what i 'd asked for had never felt worse . 
 in that moment , i doubted my impulses hard , as edmund 's words echoed in my head . 
 the key to manhood is being there . 
 so dying for her might not be the answer . 
 maybe ... maybe i did n't have to be perfect . 
 maybe it was enough to ... try . 
 i choked out , `` that you do n't trust me enough to ask for my help . 
 or maybe you think i 'm not strong enough to be of any use . '' 
 `` i do n't think that . '' 
 her shoulders were set , spine straight , and her loose plait wrapped around her shoulder . 
 the nape of her neck was beautiful , a sliver of cream against the contrast of her hair . 
 any other time , i 'd come up behind her , wrap my arms around her and kiss her right there while whispering an apology for my idiocy , but i did n't deserve her forgiveness . 
 yet . 
 someday , though , i 'll fight my way back-fall down nine times , get up ten . 
 `` we 're still partners , are n't we ? '' 
 i feared her answer . 
 maybe i 'd used up all my chances , and by being stupid and stubborn , i could never , ever win her back . 
 deuce turned then , and her gray eyes gave me hope . 
 they were all softness , tilted to mine in a look as sweet and tender as a kiss . 
 my heart gave a ferocious thump when she whispered , `` i never left . 
 i did n't request your help because i was trying to do what was right for you . 
 obviously , having you there is always best for me . '' 
 that seemed too magnificent to be true yet i believed her . 
 my girl never , ever lied . 
 for some reason , she still lit up when she gazed at me . 
 the first time i saw that expression , she was licking sweet cherries from my fingers and the memory stole my breath , along with the power of speech . 
 do n't ever stop looking at me . 
 i 'm the shadow behind your light , and i might just disappear without you . 
 i do n't deserve you , but i ca n't give you up , either . 
 my voice came out hoarse . 
 `` i do n't want to stay here . 
 i do n't even want to be in my own skin . 
 can i come with you ? '' 
 i ca n't let her say no . 
 besides the promise to edmund , i 'd go crazy if she walked away from me . 
 right then , she was my sole reason for living , even if i was doing my best to drive her away . 
 the logic had seemed sound on her naming day-i could n't reveal the full extent of my shortcomings when i knew how she felt about being a huntress . 
 how silk would laugh at the weakling i 'd become . 
 no hunter would let himself be taken . 
 you should 've died . 
 you 're not a man . 
 you 're food . 
 then i almost threw up ; it took all my will to choke it down . 
 deuce reached for me , then drew back , as if remembering that touch was n't what i wanted anymore . 
 i did , but close contact had so many echoes , like a child weeping at the bottom of a well . 
 my foster father , the muties , years alone in the dark ... there had been so much pain , so much loss , but being taken ? 
 changed me . 
 i could n't silence the scream in my head that said i should 've been strong enough , smart enough , to stop it . 
 no matter how i tried , that accusation never ceased . 
 `` fade , you said you ca n't be what i need , but you 're everything i want . 
 even if you give up on yourself , i never will . 
 i 'll fight for you . '' 
 `` you should n't say that , '' i muttered . 
 `` i 'm not worth it . '' 
 `` that 's not true . '' 
 she lifted her face , so i could read the sincerity there . 
 that smile was a promise , and i clung to it like i had my father 's hand , long ago , in the river , while my mother sunned herself on the rocky shore . 
 as she studied me , my chest ached until i could n't stand it . 
 for inexplicable reasons , she blew me a kiss , and i raised my hand to catch it . 
 though it was an ephemeral thing , intangible , i daydreamed her warmth against my palm , and for the first time since i came back , hope fluttered its fragile wings . 
 my heart throbbed her name , all the way to my fingertips , as i watched her walk away . 
 once she was gone from sight , i ran into the house to pack my bag . 
 though she had n't said so , i knew from edmund that this assignment came from elder bigwater , so it made sense to search for her there . 
 as i passed the blacksmith shop , a cheerful tune preceded him , then stalker came out , a pack slung over one shoulder . 
 my jaw clenched . 
 `` did she take pity on you , ask you to tag along ? '' 
 he asked , sharp as a knife . 
 `` i wonder if she kissed you . 
 she 's like a secret berry patch , all thorns on the surface and sweetness beneath . '' 
 he licked his lips pointedly . 
 killing him would 've been perfect . 
 my fingers trembled on my blades , but i kept them sheathed out of respect for deuce . 
 she seemed to find something in him worth saving . 
 i disagreed . 
 in my eyes , this animal would never be anything but a weapon , fodder to keep the muties from eating someone else . 
 what he 'd permitted to happen to tegan assured me he was filth , and if that was n't enough , he 'd hunted deuce and me for sport . 
 finally , if not for him , pearl would still be alive . 
 deuce might be able to forgive you . 
 not me . 
 i 'd rather stab you in your black heart , wolf boy . 
 `` she will never see you , '' i said quietly . 
 `` you 're a sparring partner , convenient to her , useful , even . 
 you may trick her now and then , because she 's not bent like you . 
 but she 'll never , ever offer what you want of her own free will . '' 
 he sneered , the ugly expression pulling at his scars , but i saw from the desolation in his eyes that i 'd drawn blood . 
 `` and what do you think i 'm after ? '' 
 `` her heart , '' i said . 
 `` which is too bad . 
 you see ... that 's mine , and it always will be . 
 odd as it might seem , she 'd rather have me broken than you whole . '' 
 when stalker shoved past me , he was n't whistling anymore . 
 i watched him go , knowing i should feel a little guilty , but for the first time in days , a smile broke over me , and it felt like sunrise . 
 this was a deep , clean breath , bracing me for the trouble that lay ahead . 
 the danger hardly seemed to matter , as long as i was with her . 
 be patient , solnyshko moyo . 
 i 'm still here . 
 and i 'm coming back to you . 
